Using Theano backend.
==> loading glove
==> glove is loaded
utils.py::create_vector => 10002 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1000480 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100a02 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102engr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105degree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106206 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109a209a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109b209b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 10th19th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 112212 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 113213 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 11700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 123pubpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 129b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12r is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 131p is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 134a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 138a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 14001600 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 140a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 145b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a355a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 151251 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152252 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152w is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 153253 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 154athis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 160a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16151868 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 164089 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 165d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 170b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 177277 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17991837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18131837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 181655 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 182c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18301840s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 185b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 186165 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18641918 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1868present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 190f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192021 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192065 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1920iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19361939 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 194b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19591962 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 195c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1965present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196669 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196abc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 197577 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1d3d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200word is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 201314 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2013iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20152016 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20162017 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 212c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 217a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcenturies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stringed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 227a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 229x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 23123 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 232t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 236sethicsoc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24n is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 261h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 263h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 267b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 272h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 274h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 279h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 285h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2oc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31ab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 323h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 330605 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 354430 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 36of is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 3there is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 400000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 430550pm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 43143 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 44y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 45b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 480460 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4950 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4th15th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4unit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5001000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 52h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 6001500 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 70q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a1level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a2level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 750000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 82c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 95c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aacutelvaro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abcdnp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abdelkebir is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aboutdiscuss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abovethis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abstractionnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => achillesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionadventure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionangle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => activitynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actordirector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actualism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actup is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acuitymusicality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addictionsiquestboth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adimi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adventurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aestheticstylistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamericans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africancaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrocaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrohispanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropessimism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropolitanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agehave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ageold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agoiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aimeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => airsea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aketleystanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alandalus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alarabicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aldicircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aleramos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alienationreconciliation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aljahiz is missing
utils.py::create_vector => allocationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alloriginal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alqaida is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alrightquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ameacuterico is missing
utils.py::create_vector => americanborn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => amstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogiquesttoiquestdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ancientnbsppastoral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnenglish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnrevise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnsociocultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => animalattached is missing
utils.py::create_vector => answersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antialiasing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antifootbinding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiforeign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiglobilization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antijewish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antilynching is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antipsychiatryand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antislave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antisoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aotearoanew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => applyiquestgenocide is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => architeccts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archivallybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => areageology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arendts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arewere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aristotles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aroundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arthist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => articlesiquestmainly is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artisticnresponses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistpoet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artstudi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artworksnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ashburnhamensis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquestindia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiapacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiauspacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => assignmentsprojects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => athttpsoestanfordeducurrentstudentsedpprogramsacehtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atmosphereocean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomicscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomlight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => attitudequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencenna is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencesnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => auditiory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustannbspliterarynbsphistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => austrohungarian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorityand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autoethnographies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autresquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => avantgardes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awardwinning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awliyacirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aztlaacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bazins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beacutecquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beckettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => becquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beethoveniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beginneriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beingsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beliefsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bellatin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benefitcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benitezrojo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benthams is missing
utils.py::create_vector => betweennhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bhagavadgita is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bierds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biocore is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biohopk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biologging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biopotential is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biosignals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biotsavarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bismarcks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blazzaristanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blowsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boccaccios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bohmian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bolantildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boliacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bookquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => booksnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => borgess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bospbeijing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bottomquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brandatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brdf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brechts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brentons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => britain16401700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => broadlyiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brodskyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => businessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => buumlchner is missing
utils.py::create_vector => byzantiumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ca800 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caerquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caffreys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calculusbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calderoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => californiaprimarily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cancioacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cantoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cartierbresson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casanegra is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casestudy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casmurro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catch22 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catholicismprotestantism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ccrma is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cddrl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacuteline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cellcell is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centrury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuriesespecially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cervantess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaacutevez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chabros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changeproved is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changrae is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chariotracing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chashitsu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaudhuris is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinafocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquared is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chitliniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => choralorchestral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircndynasty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chreacutetien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianitynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => citystates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civicsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilizingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilmilitary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clariacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classanalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classhis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classicaltoquantum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classlat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classnnplease is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classroomand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleacutement is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleansingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clinicalcase is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clsoe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102engr155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme104engr155b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coachings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coalfired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coetzees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coldplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => colead is missing
utils.py::create_vector => collectionsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comedyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comingofage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationsmarketing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communistinduced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communitybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communityiquestthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexified is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comptuer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computablequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computeraided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerassisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computergenerated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computermediated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comtessa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concernsiquesttoday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concregravete is missing
utils.py::create_vector => condeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => confusionneach is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congressiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congshen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conservatisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => constitutionmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consttruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consumerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contentsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contestediquestby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => continuousdiscretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contourns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contractualist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conundrumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coregistration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corporationiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cortaacutezar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cosmicomics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefitrisk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cotaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterminal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coulombiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => counterchronological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countrieswhose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creativedesign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crichtons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crimina is missing
utils.py::create_vector => critiquesnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosscultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturalnphenomena is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossdisciplinary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosslisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossnational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosspollination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssectional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssections is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossstep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossvalidation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs107 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => csre is missing
utils.py::create_vector => culturesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cunninghambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => curtainquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cutoutcollage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cuttingedge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cyberspaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dafnazurstanfordedunknight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daliacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danceiquestthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dancermaster is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dangaremgba is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danteiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dariacuteo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darishyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darwall is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadriven is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datahas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daubigneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dbnatsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatenwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatesiquestat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadentism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadesnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deducer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepearth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepestheld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => definability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deformational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => democracyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => demystifiedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => departmentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => depoliticization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designplasticity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalphysical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalsignalprocessorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diquestarthurei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disasterprone is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinarity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discoverybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discussionbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discusthrower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diseaseassociated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => divideandconquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dlcl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doeblin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dolliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgically is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drexlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => droughtridden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drumsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dureacutee is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => earthiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eartraining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => easytouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecclestias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecomechanics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecosystembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => edisons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => editorinchief is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee101a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee108 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eessearthsys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => efficiencycost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => egyptomania is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eigensystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenyearolds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => einsteinpodolskyrosen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => elektronische is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eltit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => empirics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => endofthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => englishnnclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engrosses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => enlightenmentnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ensembleinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entertainmentanimated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entrylevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => environmentsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => episodesthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => epochdefining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eprtype is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equationsnsolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equianos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equivalen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eroticsexual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => essaywriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => esterhaacutezy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => etciquestpersist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnicracial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnohistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eulerlagrange is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerica is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eventsn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everchanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everexpanding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everpopular is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evershifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everythings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everywherestudios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evilquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => examinationon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exchangerateregime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => excludedn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exercisesprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => expressioniquestsounds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => facesaving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => factbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familiarizes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familynnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faradayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fardsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fashionminded is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fastmoving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faureacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faustusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fcpx is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feldshuhs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fellous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femininitymasculinity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feminities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => festivalquestions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fgss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fibersand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldexperiments is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmprod is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstyear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fivechapters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircneur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flavorsiquestaustere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => floatingpoint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => florences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fluiddynamic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fogelin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => formsiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => forprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fourday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp101 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp104 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => framebyframe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frameliterature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franccedilaise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franceiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => francoamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frayns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freebody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenchspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frequencydomain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmanlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenbeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fromnnnwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ftests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fugardkanintshona is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fulllength is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fumiyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futabatei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futureiquestdevelopment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => galicianportuguese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacuteshya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gatlato is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gauchet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gaussiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gehrigs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderbending is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gendering is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genrespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geoeconomic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geographys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geohazards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geophys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerdbsocsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanmeets is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gfw is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ghataks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => giftsthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => girondo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => glissant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globaliquestpostworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globalscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goacutemez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godotiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogarten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogols is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbarth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbegr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessoffit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => googleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goumldels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graciliano is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grandparentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grices is missing
utils.py::create_vector => groundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guelf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guimaratildees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haendels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hallacircj is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hamiltonjacobi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsiqueston is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handwrought is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hangucircl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happenedin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happilynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hardwon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => harmonizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hasiquestwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hausmarchen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haveniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hbrooksstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => healthrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heatbudget is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hebdige is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hegels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heideggers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterochrony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterosexualityhomosexuality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherngraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => highthroughput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hillslope is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hisher is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historiansiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history170 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history297f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history70a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historyfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hivaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hocirctel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => holderlin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeknowledges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homiles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => honoreacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hourquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hsiaohsien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpartsstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpbiochem118stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpccrmastanfordeducourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmath101stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordeduacademicslessonsignupshtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsocostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpssostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsstanfordboxcomstpwwqpl2ryxfty6stq8wo2j78fj06ikg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrcoursesadvancedpwrcourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrexplorenotationsciencewriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwarduinocc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedudeptundergradcgibindrupalpwradvancedpwr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedugroupssocgibinwordpressmemberlogin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hubmeier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanenvironment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanitys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humankinds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humannaturetechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humbio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => huntergatherer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperprotestant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hysterias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iaeneidi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iantigonei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibseniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichanges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichiyocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icommediai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icsii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idealsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ideasnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => identificationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idisgracei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idivine is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idraculai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iessaysi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ifaerie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iflor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => igoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihaltungi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihamletias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihimaeras is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iidylls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinfernoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinstitutes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iivanhoei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ijonathan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ikoumlrperkultur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilais is missing
utils.py::create_vector => illiquestcreated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilolitaimodern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginaries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginationnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imamyar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imanierai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immersionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immunodeficient is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imorte is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imperialsm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => improvisersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => includeshifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => independentlynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indiani is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigeneity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigenismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualcollectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indoeuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indomuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => industrystandard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inever is missing
utils.py::create_vector => informationclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inncomparative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inputoutput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructoriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructornnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalizing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intelligenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => interculturalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intermediateadvanced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internationalurbanizationorg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internshipstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intnlrel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intonational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => investigationi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestamericaniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestartfullyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestauthenticityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbioprogramiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbloodthirstiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestcasanovaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdangerous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdatavisualizationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdecoherenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteconomyiquestiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteviliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestfuzzyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestgame is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestguerrilla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestintellectualiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmaterialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmedievalismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmodernityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnaturaliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnewcomersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestothelloiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpardoning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestperformanceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestprovincialize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestraceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrevolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestschoolsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsciences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestseeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsports is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestwaiting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => irtheories is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ishiguros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => islamiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => isniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => israelipalestinian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => issuesaspects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itallang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => italyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itselfn3 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwithout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jacint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jailquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamesiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jancso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japaniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japanlng is missing
utils.py::create_vector => javabased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jazzensemble is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanjacques is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanluc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jesusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jewishamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jimeacutenez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joseacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => judeomaghrebi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juniorsenior is missing
utils.py::create_vector => justificationiquestin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlnger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlrgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kantiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kants is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kaouther is missing
utils.py::create_vector => karwai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennedyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kenzaburocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kephisodotos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kermackmckendrick is missing
utils.py::create_vector => keysquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kierkegaards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kincaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kindleare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kingsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => knighti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kokkinobaphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koreaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => korsgaard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koryocirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kosztolaacutenyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => krapps is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kripkes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kubricks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laborquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laiciteacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laldjeacuterie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lalitvakstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lamars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landresource is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landsliding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laozis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laplaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => late18th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latenineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latetwentieth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinaos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinidad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lawiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastnorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastsquares is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lectdisc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lecturelab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leistung is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lenini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lgbtqueer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberalismiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifeand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifechanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifenbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifennthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lightposts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lindsayabaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarycritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarysocial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lithologic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liveelectronics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => locavorism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => logicophilosophicus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longcherished is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longliving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longrun is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lookingltbrgtltbrgtnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => louisferdinand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => loumlwenheimskolem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lovefree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowcarbon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowtemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ludmer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => luthers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinemade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macondismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macroremains is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mademade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => magnetostatics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahashweta is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majoringminoring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsadmission is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsminors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => makebelieve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mallarmeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maloryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mansfieldi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manuscriptprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manyparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mariacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marieacutees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marketoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markingglazing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marloweiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => martiacuteshy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => massmedia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mastermusician is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mathbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => matsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maxwelliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meacutetissage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meddeb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediafrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediaintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediapolitics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mellac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => menchuacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mexicanorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mgtecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => michelsonmorley is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => micromechanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microprogramming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microtonality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid10th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid1940s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid20th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid80s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midnineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midtwentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindbody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minimumcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miniproject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minnesinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minoritymajority is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miseenscegravene is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mistrys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedrace is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedsignal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modalitylike is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modelinganalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moderata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moliegravere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monarchismrepublicanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moneycapital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monoprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => montaignes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moralityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moroccoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => morphologiesnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => motionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => msampe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mudimbe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multicollinearity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multileveled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multimediathe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multisensor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musiciquesteverything is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicsound is missing
utils.py::create_vector => muumlntzer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myjihad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myroniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythnnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythoepic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nabokovs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naciacutequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanocharacterization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanotechnologists is missing
utils.py::create_vector => narcostate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationaliquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationbuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationfocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natureculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naziinspired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbspdiscussions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbsplearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neardeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => negativesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nehamas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neighborsnnow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoconfucian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoromanticism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neutralityn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => newhive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nextgeneration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ngames is missing
utils.py::create_vector => niccolograve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nichecrafted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzche is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzsches is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nineteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nitery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nizacircm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nlearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nmost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnearlier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nninstructor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noigandresin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputabilityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonconsciously is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nondancern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noneuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmammalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmusic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnarrative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnormative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonperformers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonpid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonprobability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrenewability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrussians is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonscience is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonspecialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonstudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonvisual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => notforprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nottages is missing
utils.py::create_vector => novelsjm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowquotnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npainted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npcompleteness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nreadings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nrecommended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nsculptors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nselected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nwhy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectfigure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivesubjective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivitysubjectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocaseys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => occidenteries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocirce is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oednnwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ogai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oilpresses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oiquestconnor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oloixarac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => olynthos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onehour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onesided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onethird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onwurah is missing
utils.py::create_vector => opamp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openair is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => operashave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optionsnnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optogenetics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ordernwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationsnnnby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationssymphony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => othersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => overfamiliar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ownnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painleveacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paintersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paleoethnobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => panasianism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => parrhasios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => particleinabox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partnerdancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partsnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => passageiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pastoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patientdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pattiann is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peaeckeeping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peemail is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peerreviewed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peeving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peopleiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => perceivers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancecentered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => periclean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => persepective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pessoas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => philosophyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => physicalchemical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianoproficiency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianostring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => piglia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pippilotti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placemaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plancks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platetectonic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => playtexts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutarchn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutocirct is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetryimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pokeacutemon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => policyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => polisci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pompeiis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => popculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => populationcrowd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portablemiked is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portugals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => positivesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => post1976 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postapartheid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postboom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postcold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postenlightenment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postindependence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postiquestworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postmao is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postperformance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postpetrarchan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postreconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postromantic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsocialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => posttheistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwende is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwwii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => powersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicalnskills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practiceninterpretation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnncontact is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnnwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pre1990s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precapitalist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precirculated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precorequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => predigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => preinternet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prereq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prerequisiteconsent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presentday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presocratics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prevet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => primarially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => principalagent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prisonhalf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => privatelesson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problemsolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnnnour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnwelcome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => profitseeking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectionmapping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => propertya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => proprietarycontrolled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych141 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych60 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicationnnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicsector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => purseiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pushkins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarterlong is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteryear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queacutereacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queenei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queerlitfilmwordpresscom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quesions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => questiondoes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotadabquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotafrican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalternative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericansquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaround is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotassert is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotatelier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotauthorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotautobiographicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotawayquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbangclashquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbecome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbehind is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeurquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbig is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbipolarquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirtherquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotblack is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbonsaiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbroccoliquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcahier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcapitalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcasesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcentral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcheatingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchoose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchorusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotclassicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcrisis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdeconstructionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdemosquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdirectionalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdisorganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotendedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenormous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenvironmentquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotevil is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexistentialism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfinishedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfrackingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgangnam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgloballyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgood is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodnessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgraphicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotharmonyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothidden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothigh is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothighquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomelandquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanmadequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothysteriaquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoticons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotindifferent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinevitable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinfernoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinscribing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiron is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalianquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknowquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlaboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlenvers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotletter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliberalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlintellectuelquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliterary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlotquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmaqamatquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmechanicsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmexicannessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotminorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmuseum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnatural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotneuromarketingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonhumanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonplacesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotobjectivelyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoton is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotovercomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotphilosophicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacemakersquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplein is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpopularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpsychosisquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotqueeringquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreaderquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrelationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligiousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrevolutionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrhymesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotright is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrogue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrole is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotromanticquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecondgenerationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotshockingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsister is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsmartquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotspiritquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsweatshop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsystems is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotterroristsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheorizequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheres is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotto is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottraditionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottransgressionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottrembling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottruthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotturning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotunderdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuniversalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuseless is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvicious is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotviolencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvisitquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwho is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwinedark is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwisequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwomens is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotworkquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrenaissancequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => qushayricirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raceethnicity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rachilde is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racialethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racializations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racircbia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => radiooratorio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raduan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ramoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rauacutel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => readingwriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realismformalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reallife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reasoners is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recentand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reconceptualize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redemptioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redowa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reenrollment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reequilibrate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reflectiion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => refrigeratoriquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => regionality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativestate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionsecularism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => renaissancebodyprojectstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representediquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reqs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => requirednforms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => researchiquestbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => residencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resituating is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resynthesis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => returnquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => revolutioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rghts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => riefenstahls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rightnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rockforming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rodoreda is missing
utils.py::create_vector => roleplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rolliquestas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rosaliacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rubeacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rucircmicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rulequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => runi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruskiniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sacksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => safetyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salomeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salvajesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => samesex is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationillness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sapphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scegraveve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scenesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schaefferian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schimtt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schoolquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldingers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schultzastanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scientic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scoresiquestis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scottiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenwritingtelevision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sdcarterstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seasquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sebbar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondaty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondlargest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secularchristian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => securitydrawing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sefarad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfabsorbed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfaffirming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcomposure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconceptions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstitution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcultivation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdefinition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdetermination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdiscipline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioned is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfgovernance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfknowledge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selflabeling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnyou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selforganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfportrayal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrecognition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfregulation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfshaping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfstrengthening is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semicentennial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seminarstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => servicelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexgender is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexualrelationship is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakepeare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakespeareiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shidyaq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shimeis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortanswer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singersongwriters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singleparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singnnrequired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sinojapanese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => siteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sitespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => situationsprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skillsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skloots is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skorupski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skypeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slavetrade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sloughi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => smoa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => snailhorn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialbiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyhistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socioculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociospatial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociotechnological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socircsekis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => softwarehardware is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soilecosystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solarthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => someoneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songstorytelling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sopranosi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundsculptures is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sourceiquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spaceiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spatialization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => speechquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spenseriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spitzs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssosposne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stageof is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stateoftheart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stereoscopes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stopmotion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storiesmyths is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storymaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storytellingthat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strangersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strategiesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentconducted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentcurated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentdeveloped is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiesnnnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiobased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiotrained is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylewe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subgameperfect is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subjectiquestwill is missing
utils.py::create_vector => submittingapplication is missing
utils.py::create_vector => substantives is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subtend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sukiya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sulamicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => superposing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => surplusesdeficits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => switchedcapacitor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takehome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takijis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tapebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamtaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => technologyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tectonicvolcanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teenspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tenja is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tennysoniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tensionnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teoriacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => testimonio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => texasi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theaterstend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themaxmspjitter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themennstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thenafterlife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thennation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theorizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thermochemistry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thingsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkinginpractice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thoughtprovokingmaterial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thousandday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threepart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threequarters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thronesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thyselfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tiananmenthemed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tidepooling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedelay is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedependent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeenergy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timefrequency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timelapse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timesdays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeseries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tolerationist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tomaschevski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonbsptriumviral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonwork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => toolboxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => topiciquestdrones is missing
utils.py::create_vector => torberg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => totaltheater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traceiand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traditionnnnover is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transcreations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transidiomatic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => translationnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => troeltsch is missing
utils.py::create_vector => trouabdours is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truffauts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthinvolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tsitsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ttests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tununa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => turkeyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfirst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twohour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twolayered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twominute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twopart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twosided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twostep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twothirds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => typecastingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undergraduategraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => underpinningsnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undertakennnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upheavel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperdivision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upsidedown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usdevotees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usercentric is missing
utils.py::create_vector => useu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usfamily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleinclan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valueladen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valuesnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => variablesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => varmas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => velaacutezquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => veniceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vereini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vicariance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => videoaudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewpointsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewsnnguest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vikingsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencenonviolence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencequotan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => virgils is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visagravevis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visualnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vividlywritten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voiceleading is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voudou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vulgarium is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waitlist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => warnernin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waterrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => watershedscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wavespoyntingiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayfr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysanalytical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayscreative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysengaging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wealthpoverty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weatherfreshmen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => webbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wehtquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welfareenhancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welldocumented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellmanaged is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellsuited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wertmullers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westernnonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheeln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheelthrown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whitecollar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => willnread is missing
utils.py::create_vector => winwin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wittgensteins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wkb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womensso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wordsiquestare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => workstationbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldnew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldssources is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writinginthemajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wronging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => xxth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => yopougonquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zinniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zolas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inbetweenness is missing
[[[-0.27557     0.22854     0.1384     ..., -0.47996    -0.25113     0.36883   ]
  [-0.45381    -0.0073266   0.27498    ..., -0.32387    -0.25544    -0.19268   ]
  [-0.3617      0.059534   -0.21064    ...,  0.287       0.61058    -0.31347   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[ 0.9819541   0.86992019  0.97604408 ...,  0.99895725  0.21323371
    0.65002104]
  [ 0.096837   -0.35972    -0.17211    ..., -0.19025     0.11055     0.044465  ]
  [-0.25831     0.43644    -0.1138     ...,  0.081697   -0.0044191  -0.14102   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.38655    -0.34621    -0.49664    ..., -0.34414     0.10067    -0.017634  ]
  [-0.11741     0.13307    -0.19936    ...,  0.089595   -0.077056    0.074187  ]
  [-0.21555    -0.13316     0.18198    ..., -0.34705    -0.16459     0.29796   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 ..., 
 [[ 0.24471    -0.16719     0.099626   ..., -0.62319    -0.35169    -0.088778  ]
  [ 0.083096    0.052565    0.17864    ..., -0.049633    0.52222     0.52408   ]
  [ 0.15083    -0.394       0.27848    ..., -0.32175     0.58337     0.36878   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.19472     0.18836     0.11739    ..., -0.38294    -0.25358    -0.12843   ]
  [ 0.23947     0.28136     0.33209    ..., -0.33882     0.47715    -0.077103  ]
  [-0.40239    -0.0022291  -0.020036   ...,  0.21429     0.21021    -0.019233  ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.18416     0.42065     0.66224    ...,  0.4175     -0.032347   -0.6291    ]
  [ 0.061223    0.72227    -0.1896     ...,  0.18959    -0.02957    -0.56861   ]
  [ 0.14533     0.12262    -0.21671    ...,  0.25562    -0.0032642  -0.32747   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]]
[[ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 ..., 
 [ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]]
212
Epoch 1/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.4300 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.4406 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.4411 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.4561 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.4557 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4582 - acc: 0.2396 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4536 - acc: 0.2277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4497 - acc: 0.2344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4418 - acc: 0.2292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4414 - acc: 0.2500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4422 - acc: 0.2528 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4414 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4410 - acc: 0.2668 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4425 - acc: 0.2612 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4430 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4380 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4370 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4369 - acc: 0.2830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4351 - acc: 0.2895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4323 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4311 - acc: 0.2961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.2983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4324 - acc: 0.3016 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4309 - acc: 0.3034  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4313 - acc: 0.2988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4308 - acc: 0.2957 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4301 - acc: 0.2894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4301 - acc: 0.2846 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4295 - acc: 0.2802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4290 - acc: 0.2760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4305 - acc: 0.26921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4314 - acc: 0.26951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4304 - acc: 0.27461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4295 - acc: 0.28221120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4297 - acc: 0.28041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.27951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4268 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.27721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4277 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4283 - acc: 0.27211344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.27531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.27621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4271 - acc: 0.27631413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.2774    
Epoch 2/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4237 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4233 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4296 - acc: 0.2188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2321 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2227 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2045 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2109 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.2188 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2366 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2539 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2684 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2726 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2780 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2812  672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2656 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2587 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2644 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2697 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2734 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2769 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27721024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.28411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.28681120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.27361216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.26971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.26841280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.26481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.26751344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26861376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.26891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26921413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2682    
Epoch 3/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.1771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.1953 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.1938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.1979 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2109 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.1979 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2188 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2301 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2318 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2583 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2578 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2537 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2535 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2599 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2619  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2713 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2737 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2740 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2701 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2694 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2698 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.26511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.26171056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.26141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.25741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.25891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.26771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.26971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.27441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.27751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.27911413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2788    
Epoch 4/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3984 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3903 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3846 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3920 - acc: 0.2562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3978 - acc: 0.2500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2411 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.2361 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.2313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3969 - acc: 0.2500 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3965 - acc: 0.2682 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3976 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.2746 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.2792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.2832 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3990 - acc: 0.2941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.2986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.3026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3958 - acc: 0.3094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.3110  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3953 - acc: 0.3139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3948 - acc: 0.3179 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.3203 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3979 - acc: 0.3225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.3221 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.3229 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3964 - acc: 0.3292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3955 - acc: 0.3330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.3365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.33871024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3922 - acc: 0.33791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.33811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3912 - acc: 0.34381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3909 - acc: 0.34461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3895 - acc: 0.34721184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3887 - acc: 0.34381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3886 - acc: 0.34871248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3890 - acc: 0.34941280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3891 - acc: 0.35231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3891 - acc: 0.34831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3888 - acc: 0.34821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3884 - acc: 0.35251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3882 - acc: 0.35441413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.3546    
Epoch 5/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3564 - acc: 0.3802 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.3973 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3575 - acc: 0.3945 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4236 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.4281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.4261 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.4245 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.4279 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.4174 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.4229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.4297 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.4357 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.4306 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4375 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3564 - acc: 0.4375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4390  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.4389 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.4429 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.4453 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4475 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.4543 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4514 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4487 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.4440 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4427 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.44251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.44241056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.43941088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.43931120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.44461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.44271184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.44091216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.44741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.44631280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.44141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.43981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.44121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.44041408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.44391413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.4444    
Epoch 6/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2841 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2918 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.4500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3149 - acc: 0.4583 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.4598 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.4414 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3235 - acc: 0.4236 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3231 - acc: 0.4406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.4347 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.4427 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3194 - acc: 0.4447 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.4487 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.4604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3120 - acc: 0.4688 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3137 - acc: 0.4651 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3131 - acc: 0.4688 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3125 - acc: 0.4720 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3126 - acc: 0.4734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3125 - acc: 0.4732  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3104 - acc: 0.4801 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3099 - acc: 0.4810 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3111 - acc: 0.4844 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3132 - acc: 0.4800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3118 - acc: 0.4844 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3129 - acc: 0.4803 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3129 - acc: 0.4788 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3141 - acc: 0.4784 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.4781 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.47581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3149 - acc: 0.47461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3153 - acc: 0.47441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.47431120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.47321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.47481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.47471216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.48031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.48161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3149 - acc: 0.48281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3156 - acc: 0.48401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3158 - acc: 0.48591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3150 - acc: 0.48691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3140 - acc: 0.49081413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.3145 - acc: 0.4904    
Epoch 7/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2962 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3135 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3072 - acc: 0.5234 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2998 - acc: 0.5312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3014 - acc: 0.5260 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2969 - acc: 0.5357 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2993 - acc: 0.5195 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2923 - acc: 0.5347 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2917 - acc: 0.5437 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2915 - acc: 0.5511 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2907 - acc: 0.5495 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2875 - acc: 0.5577 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2871 - acc: 0.5670 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2856 - acc: 0.5729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2845 - acc: 0.5723 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2838 - acc: 0.5717 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2833 - acc: 0.5694 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2843 - acc: 0.5740 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2857 - acc: 0.5719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2875 - acc: 0.5685  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2880 - acc: 0.5597 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2879 - acc: 0.5543 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2892 - acc: 0.5560 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2881 - acc: 0.5587 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2873 - acc: 0.5553 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2881 - acc: 0.5590 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2865 - acc: 0.5558 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2841 - acc: 0.5614 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2843 - acc: 0.5604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2853 - acc: 0.55441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2862 - acc: 0.55081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2872 - acc: 0.55111088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2881 - acc: 0.54961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2880 - acc: 0.55451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2880 - acc: 0.55731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2875 - acc: 0.55661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2901 - acc: 0.55101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2905 - acc: 0.54891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2911 - acc: 0.54771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2891 - acc: 0.55261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2883 - acc: 0.55211376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2885 - acc: 0.55231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2891 - acc: 0.55471413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.2894 - acc: 0.5541    
Epoch 8/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2470 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2584 - acc: 0.5938  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2603 - acc: 0.5833 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2647 - acc: 0.5938 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2768 - acc: 0.5813 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2888 - acc: 0.5417 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2842 - acc: 0.5580 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2831 - acc: 0.5664 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2826 - acc: 0.5660 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2846 - acc: 0.5719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2879 - acc: 0.5824 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2878 - acc: 0.5729 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2891 - acc: 0.5769 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2862 - acc: 0.5804 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2871 - acc: 0.5708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2890 - acc: 0.5664 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2888 - acc: 0.5662 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2905 - acc: 0.5608 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2895 - acc: 0.5609 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2915 - acc: 0.5625 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2906 - acc: 0.5640  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2907 - acc: 0.5696 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2900 - acc: 0.5693 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2882 - acc: 0.5690 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2868 - acc: 0.5725 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2857 - acc: 0.5733 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2859 - acc: 0.5648 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2861 - acc: 0.5625 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2850 - acc: 0.5625 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2840 - acc: 0.5604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2849 - acc: 0.55541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2843 - acc: 0.55761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2859 - acc: 0.55301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2859 - acc: 0.55151120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2870 - acc: 0.54551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2870 - acc: 0.54691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2883 - acc: 0.54391216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2870 - acc: 0.54931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2864 - acc: 0.54971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2871 - acc: 0.54841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2873 - acc: 0.54651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2861 - acc: 0.54761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2856 - acc: 0.54941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2855 - acc: 0.55041413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.2854 - acc: 0.5499    
Epoch 9/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3094 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2962 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2927 - acc: 0.5521 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3028 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3026 - acc: 0.5062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3052 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2946 - acc: 0.5089 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2875 - acc: 0.5195 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2784 - acc: 0.5312 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2779 - acc: 0.5250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2828 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2851 - acc: 0.5156 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2848 - acc: 0.5240 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2830 - acc: 0.5335 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2853 - acc: 0.5396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2817 - acc: 0.5527 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2806 - acc: 0.5515 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2790 - acc: 0.5573 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2752 - acc: 0.5641 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2773 - acc: 0.5563 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2817 - acc: 0.5506  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2813 - acc: 0.5483 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2808 - acc: 0.5476 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2794 - acc: 0.5547 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2788 - acc: 0.5537 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2790 - acc: 0.5505 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2773 - acc: 0.5532 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2785 - acc: 0.5513 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2784 - acc: 0.5517 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2778 - acc: 0.5552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2769 - acc: 0.55751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2779 - acc: 0.55471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2773 - acc: 0.55401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2783 - acc: 0.55331120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2792 - acc: 0.55091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2789 - acc: 0.55381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2791 - acc: 0.55241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2782 - acc: 0.55591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2770 - acc: 0.55771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2760 - acc: 0.56021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2761 - acc: 0.55871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2766 - acc: 0.55731376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2758 - acc: 0.55811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2754 - acc: 0.56111413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.2757 - acc: 0.5605    
Epoch 10/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2852 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2638 - acc: 0.6406  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2723 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2657 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2664 - acc: 0.5500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2643 - acc: 0.5625 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2593 - acc: 0.5759 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2629 - acc: 0.5703 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2652 - acc: 0.5799 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2684 - acc: 0.5844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2654 - acc: 0.5966 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2616 - acc: 0.5911 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2590 - acc: 0.5841 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2652 - acc: 0.5737 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2669 - acc: 0.5687 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2688 - acc: 0.5625 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2659 - acc: 0.5717 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2662 - acc: 0.5764 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2642 - acc: 0.5822 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2643 - acc: 0.5781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2635 - acc: 0.5789  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2619 - acc: 0.5810 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2598 - acc: 0.5856 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2585 - acc: 0.5885 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2576 - acc: 0.5900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2605 - acc: 0.5853 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2616 - acc: 0.5822 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2625 - acc: 0.5848 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2619 - acc: 0.5862 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2622 - acc: 0.5802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2632 - acc: 0.57661024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2635 - acc: 0.57131056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2641 - acc: 0.57201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2631 - acc: 0.57351120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2631 - acc: 0.57771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2619 - acc: 0.58161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2629 - acc: 0.58361216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2643 - acc: 0.58141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2635 - acc: 0.58171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2620 - acc: 0.58591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2616 - acc: 0.58771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2620 - acc: 0.58781376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2622 - acc: 0.58721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2627 - acc: 0.58521413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.2624 - acc: 0.5853    
Epoch 11/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2273 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2159 - acc: 0.6719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2349 - acc: 0.5938 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2353 - acc: 0.6172 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2412 - acc: 0.6062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2380 - acc: 0.6302 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2412 - acc: 0.6295 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2415 - acc: 0.6250 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2406 - acc: 0.6076 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2494 - acc: 0.5875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2493 - acc: 0.5966 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2509 - acc: 0.5885 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2486 - acc: 0.5889 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2495 - acc: 0.5960 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2507 - acc: 0.6000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2517 - acc: 0.6035 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2507 - acc: 0.6011 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2495 - acc: 0.5990 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2497 - acc: 0.5987 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2476 - acc: 0.6000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2462 - acc: 0.5982  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2483 - acc: 0.5909 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2486 - acc: 0.5842 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2480 - acc: 0.5885 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2483 - acc: 0.5875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2497 - acc: 0.5829 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2505 - acc: 0.5833 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2523 - acc: 0.5815 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2520 - acc: 0.5819 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2531 - acc: 0.5844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2522 - acc: 0.58371024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2523 - acc: 0.58501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2521 - acc: 0.58621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2537 - acc: 0.58551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2539 - acc: 0.58391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2530 - acc: 0.58591184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2520 - acc: 0.58701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2524 - acc: 0.58311248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2515 - acc: 0.58971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2512 - acc: 0.58911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2518 - acc: 0.58541344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2514 - acc: 0.58711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2508 - acc: 0.58871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2517 - acc: 0.58741413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.2517 - acc: 0.5874    
Epoch 12/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2769 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2465 - acc: 0.6719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2525 - acc: 0.6458 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2441 - acc: 0.6562 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2478 - acc: 0.6500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2375 - acc: 0.6615 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2369 - acc: 0.6607 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2368 - acc: 0.6445 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2313 - acc: 0.6562 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2347 - acc: 0.6562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2362 - acc: 0.6534 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2402 - acc: 0.6432 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2429 - acc: 0.6322 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2474 - acc: 0.6250 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2479 - acc: 0.6229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2481 - acc: 0.6191 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2491 - acc: 0.6158 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2491 - acc: 0.6111 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2511 - acc: 0.6118 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2521 - acc: 0.6031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2487 - acc: 0.6027  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2492 - acc: 0.6051 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2472 - acc: 0.6101 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2464 - acc: 0.6055 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2480 - acc: 0.6062 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2481 - acc: 0.6010 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2498 - acc: 0.5972 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2491 - acc: 0.5971 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2513 - acc: 0.5927 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2515 - acc: 0.5875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2510 - acc: 0.58671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2499 - acc: 0.59181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2506 - acc: 0.59091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2497 - acc: 0.59381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2496 - acc: 0.58751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2502 - acc: 0.58591184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2498 - acc: 0.58781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2501 - acc: 0.58551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2507 - acc: 0.58571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2512 - acc: 0.58671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2498 - acc: 0.59221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2482 - acc: 0.59601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2474 - acc: 0.59671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2492 - acc: 0.59161413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.2488 - acc: 0.5931    
Epoch 13/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2080 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2204 - acc: 0.6250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2107 - acc: 0.6771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2208 - acc: 0.6719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2274 - acc: 0.6625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2281 - acc: 0.6562 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2293 - acc: 0.6696 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2299 - acc: 0.6562 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2268 - acc: 0.6562 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2290 - acc: 0.6625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2306 - acc: 0.6591 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2304 - acc: 0.6615 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2321 - acc: 0.6611 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2307 - acc: 0.6585 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2340 - acc: 0.6458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2326 - acc: 0.6484 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2342 - acc: 0.6471 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2348 - acc: 0.6441 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2357 - acc: 0.6431 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2333 - acc: 0.6453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2341 - acc: 0.6384 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2350 - acc: 0.6378  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2333 - acc: 0.6386 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2334 - acc: 0.6341 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2353 - acc: 0.6288 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2353 - acc: 0.6310 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2352 - acc: 0.6308 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2346 - acc: 0.6306 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2346 - acc: 0.6304 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2346 - acc: 0.6312 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2352 - acc: 0.63211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2361 - acc: 0.63091056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2378 - acc: 0.62691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2383 - acc: 0.62221120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2366 - acc: 0.62591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2369 - acc: 0.62591184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2372 - acc: 0.62331216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2373 - acc: 0.62341248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2362 - acc: 0.62421280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2355 - acc: 0.62581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2356 - acc: 0.62651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2349 - acc: 0.62571376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2342 - acc: 0.62941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2342 - acc: 0.62861413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.2342 - acc: 0.6277    
Epoch 14/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2082 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2294 - acc: 0.5781  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2443 - acc: 0.5521 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2385 - acc: 0.5703 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2248 - acc: 0.6000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2250 - acc: 0.5781 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2242 - acc: 0.5714 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2293 - acc: 0.5547 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2313 - acc: 0.5556 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2324 - acc: 0.5531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2341 - acc: 0.5653 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2315 - acc: 0.5703 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2300 - acc: 0.5769 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2332 - acc: 0.5804 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2331 - acc: 0.5854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2329 - acc: 0.5918 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2295 - acc: 0.5993 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2292 - acc: 0.6024 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2282 - acc: 0.6102 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2261 - acc: 0.6094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2272 - acc: 0.6116 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2259 - acc: 0.6094  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2268 - acc: 0.6087 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2285 - acc: 0.6068 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2282 - acc: 0.6088 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2284 - acc: 0.6118 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2301 - acc: 0.6100 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2294 - acc: 0.6116 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2292 - acc: 0.6153 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2279 - acc: 0.6188 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2265 - acc: 0.62301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2275 - acc: 0.62501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2263 - acc: 0.62971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2258 - acc: 0.62961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2267 - acc: 0.62771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2268 - acc: 0.62591184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2259 - acc: 0.62841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2254 - acc: 0.62991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2248 - acc: 0.63141280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2258 - acc: 0.63121312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2256 - acc: 0.63261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2255 - acc: 0.63241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2255 - acc: 0.63231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2244 - acc: 0.63491413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.2246 - acc: 0.6355    
Epoch 15/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2472 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2429 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2276 - acc: 0.5625 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2267 - acc: 0.5703 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2241 - acc: 0.6062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2198 - acc: 0.6302 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2232 - acc: 0.6250 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2248 - acc: 0.6250 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2218 - acc: 0.6250 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2185 - acc: 0.6406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2171 - acc: 0.6449 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2108 - acc: 0.6615 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2088 - acc: 0.6683 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2131 - acc: 0.6607 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2110 - acc: 0.6562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2123 - acc: 0.6562 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2123 - acc: 0.6544 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2123 - acc: 0.6562 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2114 - acc: 0.6612 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2087 - acc: 0.6672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2113 - acc: 0.6652 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2084 - acc: 0.6733  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2070 - acc: 0.6739 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2063 - acc: 0.6784 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2070 - acc: 0.6763 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2083 - acc: 0.6743 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2077 - acc: 0.6736 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2075 - acc: 0.6719 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2086 - acc: 0.6692 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2076 - acc: 0.6708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2087 - acc: 0.66831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2088 - acc: 0.66601056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2107 - acc: 0.66671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2095 - acc: 0.66641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2104 - acc: 0.66871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2091 - acc: 0.67101184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2102 - acc: 0.66981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2110 - acc: 0.66941248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2112 - acc: 0.66591280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2095 - acc: 0.67031312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2090 - acc: 0.67231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2085 - acc: 0.67341376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2085 - acc: 0.67511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2088 - acc: 0.67471413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.2089 - acc: 0.6745    
Epoch 16/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1613 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1552 - acc: 0.7031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1768 - acc: 0.6979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1801 - acc: 0.6875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1904 - acc: 0.6625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1868 - acc: 0.6615 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1914 - acc: 0.6652 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1923 - acc: 0.6680 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1934 - acc: 0.6771 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1994 - acc: 0.6719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1958 - acc: 0.6818 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1931 - acc: 0.6875 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1948 - acc: 0.6875 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1923 - acc: 0.6942 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1895 - acc: 0.7000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1894 - acc: 0.6992 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1946 - acc: 0.6893 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1939 - acc: 0.6892 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1947 - acc: 0.6875 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1939 - acc: 0.6891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1933 - acc: 0.6935 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1943 - acc: 0.6946  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1946 - acc: 0.6943 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1937 - acc: 0.6966 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1944 - acc: 0.6950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1964 - acc: 0.6899 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1946 - acc: 0.6956 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1946 - acc: 0.6987 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1958 - acc: 0.6961 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1971 - acc: 0.6917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1995 - acc: 0.68651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1999 - acc: 0.68751056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2014 - acc: 0.68661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1997 - acc: 0.69031120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1983 - acc: 0.69201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1974 - acc: 0.69361184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1967 - acc: 0.69431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1981 - acc: 0.69411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1994 - acc: 0.68831280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1996 - acc: 0.68831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1991 - acc: 0.68831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2000 - acc: 0.68971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1993 - acc: 0.69111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1978 - acc: 0.69321413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1984 - acc: 0.6921    
Epoch 17/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2004 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2024 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2028 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1928 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1969 - acc: 0.7312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1889 - acc: 0.7448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1851 - acc: 0.7455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1821 - acc: 0.7461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1830 - acc: 0.7361 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1852 - acc: 0.7250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1895 - acc: 0.7188 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1885 - acc: 0.7188 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1859 - acc: 0.7163 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1834 - acc: 0.7165 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1844 - acc: 0.7188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1857 - acc: 0.7148 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1873 - acc: 0.7224 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1904 - acc: 0.7118 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1915 - acc: 0.7105 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1894 - acc: 0.7094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1893 - acc: 0.7083 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1891 - acc: 0.7088  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1894 - acc: 0.7147 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1885 - acc: 0.7188 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1888 - acc: 0.7137 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1893 - acc: 0.7115 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1878 - acc: 0.7141 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1876 - acc: 0.7132 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1879 - acc: 0.7144 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1885 - acc: 0.7104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1893 - acc: 0.70871024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1889 - acc: 0.70801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1887 - acc: 0.71021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1872 - acc: 0.71231120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1870 - acc: 0.71161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1861 - acc: 0.71271184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1858 - acc: 0.71281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1871 - acc: 0.70971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1870 - acc: 0.70911280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1877 - acc: 0.70701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1880 - acc: 0.70431344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1869 - acc: 0.70541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1881 - acc: 0.70421408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1874 - acc: 0.70451413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1872 - acc: 0.7042    
Epoch 18/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1548 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1673 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1659 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1712 - acc: 0.7188 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1758 - acc: 0.7250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1719 - acc: 0.7135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1824 - acc: 0.7143 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1872 - acc: 0.7109 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1803 - acc: 0.7188 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1761 - acc: 0.7250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1760 - acc: 0.7216 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1746 - acc: 0.7240 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1746 - acc: 0.7163 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1743 - acc: 0.7210 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1762 - acc: 0.7125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1765 - acc: 0.7090 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1775 - acc: 0.7114 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1787 - acc: 0.7118 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1804 - acc: 0.7089 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1803 - acc: 0.7109 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1823 - acc: 0.7068 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1791 - acc: 0.7131  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1781 - acc: 0.7160 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1776 - acc: 0.7161 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1786 - acc: 0.7150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1782 - acc: 0.7151 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1788 - acc: 0.7153 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1807 - acc: 0.7154 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1809 - acc: 0.7112 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1836 - acc: 0.7073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1836 - acc: 0.71071024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1836 - acc: 0.71001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1836 - acc: 0.71311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1854 - acc: 0.70961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1851 - acc: 0.71071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1855 - acc: 0.70831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1856 - acc: 0.70691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1853 - acc: 0.70561248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1859 - acc: 0.70271280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1863 - acc: 0.70471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1863 - acc: 0.70351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1867 - acc: 0.70011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1861 - acc: 0.70131408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1863 - acc: 0.69961413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1867 - acc: 0.6999    
Epoch 19/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1931 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1730 - acc: 0.6719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1631 - acc: 0.6667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1714 - acc: 0.6719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1655 - acc: 0.7063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1641 - acc: 0.7031 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1658 - acc: 0.7098 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1681 - acc: 0.6914 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1674 - acc: 0.6979 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1638 - acc: 0.7031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1619 - acc: 0.7102 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1637 - acc: 0.7005 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1637 - acc: 0.7019 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1646 - acc: 0.7054 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1665 - acc: 0.7083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1687 - acc: 0.7051 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1713 - acc: 0.7022 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1736 - acc: 0.7066 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1745 - acc: 0.7007 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1741 - acc: 0.7016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1738 - acc: 0.7024 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1738 - acc: 0.7003  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1738 - acc: 0.7065 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1724 - acc: 0.7057 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1712 - acc: 0.7063 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1718 - acc: 0.7079 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1723 - acc: 0.7072 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1721 - acc: 0.7076 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1725 - acc: 0.7091 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1720 - acc: 0.7083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1722 - acc: 0.70671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1711 - acc: 0.70801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1700 - acc: 0.70931088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1695 - acc: 0.71231120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1690 - acc: 0.71161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1693 - acc: 0.71271184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1702 - acc: 0.71111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1694 - acc: 0.71221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1702 - acc: 0.70911280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1702 - acc: 0.71091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1716 - acc: 0.70731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1703 - acc: 0.71131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1701 - acc: 0.71221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1705 - acc: 0.70951413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1706 - acc: 0.7098    
Epoch 20/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1868 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2079 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2009 - acc: 0.7188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1897 - acc: 0.7266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1780 - acc: 0.7438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1743 - acc: 0.7448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1748 - acc: 0.7500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1690 - acc: 0.7539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1660 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1649 - acc: 0.7688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1640 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1621 - acc: 0.7708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1637 - acc: 0.7644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1658 - acc: 0.7545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1657 - acc: 0.7521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1647 - acc: 0.7539 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1644 - acc: 0.7500 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1656 - acc: 0.7465 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1659 - acc: 0.7467 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1662 - acc: 0.7422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1667 - acc: 0.7366 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1657 - acc: 0.7344  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1632 - acc: 0.7364 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1630 - acc: 0.7357 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1633 - acc: 0.7350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1632 - acc: 0.7332 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1620 - acc: 0.7373 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1644 - acc: 0.7299 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1657 - acc: 0.7263 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1651 - acc: 0.7240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1666 - acc: 0.72281024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1659 - acc: 0.72461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1661 - acc: 0.72351088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1663 - acc: 0.72331120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1673 - acc: 0.72231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1674 - acc: 0.72311184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1668 - acc: 0.72381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1676 - acc: 0.72451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1682 - acc: 0.71961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1665 - acc: 0.72341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1661 - acc: 0.72481344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1665 - acc: 0.72171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1681 - acc: 0.71441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1675 - acc: 0.71731413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1679 - acc: 0.7176    
Epoch 21/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1649 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1984 - acc: 0.6875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1978 - acc: 0.6562 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1925 - acc: 0.6719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1874 - acc: 0.6750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1864 - acc: 0.6823 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1817 - acc: 0.6875 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1780 - acc: 0.6836 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1776 - acc: 0.6806 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1716 - acc: 0.7031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1730 - acc: 0.6989 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1736 - acc: 0.6927 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1704 - acc: 0.6995 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1723 - acc: 0.6987 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1689 - acc: 0.7083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1687 - acc: 0.7109 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1708 - acc: 0.7059 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1722 - acc: 0.7014 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1713 - acc: 0.7089 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1710 - acc: 0.7031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1704 - acc: 0.7024 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1695 - acc: 0.7102  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1668 - acc: 0.7160 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1640 - acc: 0.7227 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1633 - acc: 0.7225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1624 - acc: 0.7236 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1652 - acc: 0.7199 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1655 - acc: 0.7154 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1658 - acc: 0.7155 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1655 - acc: 0.7135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1666 - acc: 0.70971024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1655 - acc: 0.71291056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1659 - acc: 0.71781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1652 - acc: 0.71781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1644 - acc: 0.71961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1649 - acc: 0.72051184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1638 - acc: 0.72381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1652 - acc: 0.71961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1643 - acc: 0.71881280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1647 - acc: 0.71561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1663 - acc: 0.71191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1660 - acc: 0.71581376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1657 - acc: 0.71661408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1656 - acc: 0.71451413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1662 - acc: 0.7148    
Epoch 22/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1670 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1803 - acc: 0.6094  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1838 - acc: 0.6250 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1779 - acc: 0.6641 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1719 - acc: 0.6687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1650 - acc: 0.6927 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1597 - acc: 0.7009 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1664 - acc: 0.6875 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1698 - acc: 0.6875 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1682 - acc: 0.6813 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1695 - acc: 0.6847 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1685 - acc: 0.6901 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1676 - acc: 0.6899 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1648 - acc: 0.6942 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1633 - acc: 0.7000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1621 - acc: 0.6992 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1627 - acc: 0.6985 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1651 - acc: 0.6997 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1642 - acc: 0.7007 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1658 - acc: 0.6937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1642 - acc: 0.6949 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1642 - acc: 0.7003  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1639 - acc: 0.7011 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1647 - acc: 0.6992 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1647 - acc: 0.6963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1646 - acc: 0.6935 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1645 - acc: 0.6968 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1633 - acc: 0.7020 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1628 - acc: 0.7015 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1621 - acc: 0.7052 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1625 - acc: 0.70361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1614 - acc: 0.70611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1611 - acc: 0.70641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1616 - acc: 0.70591120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1597 - acc: 0.70891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1599 - acc: 0.71011184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1604 - acc: 0.70951216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1612 - acc: 0.70891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1604 - acc: 0.71311280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1606 - acc: 0.71171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1608 - acc: 0.71041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1610 - acc: 0.71131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1600 - acc: 0.71441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1598 - acc: 0.71521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1595 - acc: 0.7162    
Epoch 23/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1388 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1367 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1475 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1486 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1479 - acc: 0.7438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1591 - acc: 0.7135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1565 - acc: 0.7321 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1556 - acc: 0.7344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1562 - acc: 0.7292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1563 - acc: 0.7438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1510 - acc: 0.7443 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1558 - acc: 0.7370 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1548 - acc: 0.7380 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1540 - acc: 0.7388 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1559 - acc: 0.7396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1554 - acc: 0.7441 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1529 - acc: 0.7482 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1548 - acc: 0.7465 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1532 - acc: 0.7500 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1506 - acc: 0.7500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1519 - acc: 0.7426 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1519 - acc: 0.7472  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1515 - acc: 0.7378 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1510 - acc: 0.7344 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1502 - acc: 0.7375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1513 - acc: 0.7320 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1525 - acc: 0.7292 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1540 - acc: 0.7277 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1526 - acc: 0.7295 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1524 - acc: 0.7271 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1520 - acc: 0.73191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1509 - acc: 0.73141056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1493 - acc: 0.73771088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1516 - acc: 0.72891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1513 - acc: 0.73041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1504 - acc: 0.72831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1502 - acc: 0.72971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1516 - acc: 0.72701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1514 - acc: 0.73001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1515 - acc: 0.73051312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1515 - acc: 0.73091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1516 - acc: 0.72991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1520 - acc: 0.73111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1512 - acc: 0.73221413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1509 - acc: 0.7332    
Epoch 24/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1955 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1298 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1280 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1313 - acc: 0.7109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1311 - acc: 0.7125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1336 - acc: 0.7083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1357 - acc: 0.7232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1395 - acc: 0.7031 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1355 - acc: 0.7257 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.7344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1323 - acc: 0.7386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1333 - acc: 0.7448 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1358 - acc: 0.7428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1346 - acc: 0.7433 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1361 - acc: 0.7458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1382 - acc: 0.7383 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1407 - acc: 0.7353 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1417 - acc: 0.7309 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1406 - acc: 0.7336 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1411 - acc: 0.7344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1412 - acc: 0.7307 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1412 - acc: 0.7301  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1421 - acc: 0.7269 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1419 - acc: 0.7227 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1414 - acc: 0.7262 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1408 - acc: 0.7284 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1413 - acc: 0.7269 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1403 - acc: 0.7310 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1414 - acc: 0.7295 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1412 - acc: 0.7312 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1418 - acc: 0.72981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1421 - acc: 0.73051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1425 - acc: 0.73111088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1424 - acc: 0.72981120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1422 - acc: 0.73121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1425 - acc: 0.72571184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1433 - acc: 0.72641216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1437 - acc: 0.72201248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1445 - acc: 0.72601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1442 - acc: 0.72891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1446 - acc: 0.72941344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1457 - acc: 0.72841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1457 - acc: 0.72671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1445 - acc: 0.72871413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1445 - acc: 0.7289    
Epoch 25/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1679 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1793 - acc: 0.6562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1773 - acc: 0.6667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1687 - acc: 0.6875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1634 - acc: 0.7063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1671 - acc: 0.6979 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1592 - acc: 0.7098 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1525 - acc: 0.7148 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1507 - acc: 0.7257 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1524 - acc: 0.7375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1545 - acc: 0.7386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1576 - acc: 0.7344 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1550 - acc: 0.7404 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1542 - acc: 0.7344 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1547 - acc: 0.7312 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1525 - acc: 0.7363 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1520 - acc: 0.7371 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1514 - acc: 0.7326 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1510 - acc: 0.7368 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1509 - acc: 0.7328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1520 - acc: 0.7366 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1500 - acc: 0.7401  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1502 - acc: 0.7405 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1501 - acc: 0.7409 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1497 - acc: 0.7450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1499 - acc: 0.7428 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1486 - acc: 0.7431 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1485 - acc: 0.7478 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1478 - acc: 0.7446 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1487 - acc: 0.7438 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1485 - acc: 0.74291024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1490 - acc: 0.74121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1486 - acc: 0.74341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1468 - acc: 0.75001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1447 - acc: 0.75541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1442 - acc: 0.75521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1434 - acc: 0.75511216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1429 - acc: 0.75661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1425 - acc: 0.75401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1430 - acc: 0.75161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1432 - acc: 0.75301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1426 - acc: 0.75521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1435 - acc: 0.75221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1433 - acc: 0.75361413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1436 - acc: 0.7523    
Epoch 26/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1625 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1532 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1497 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1596 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1497 - acc: 0.7500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1537 - acc: 0.7396 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1514 - acc: 0.7545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1506 - acc: 0.7500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1478 - acc: 0.7535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1438 - acc: 0.7594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1459 - acc: 0.7472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1437 - acc: 0.7474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1425 - acc: 0.7476 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1418 - acc: 0.7478 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1447 - acc: 0.7396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1441 - acc: 0.7402 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1424 - acc: 0.7500 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1437 - acc: 0.7413 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1418 - acc: 0.7451 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1407 - acc: 0.7500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1398 - acc: 0.7560 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1406 - acc: 0.7571  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1423 - acc: 0.7527 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1418 - acc: 0.7552 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1414 - acc: 0.7588 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1417 - acc: 0.7572 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1413 - acc: 0.7558 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1427 - acc: 0.7511 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1468 - acc: 0.7435 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1466 - acc: 0.7469 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1469 - acc: 0.74401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1465 - acc: 0.74221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1483 - acc: 0.73961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1479 - acc: 0.74081120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1476 - acc: 0.73931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1467 - acc: 0.73781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1466 - acc: 0.73901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1488 - acc: 0.73601248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1495 - acc: 0.73401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1484 - acc: 0.73591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1478 - acc: 0.73481344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1470 - acc: 0.73661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1464 - acc: 0.73981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1461 - acc: 0.74151413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1458 - acc: 0.7424    
Epoch 27/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1228 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1360 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.7396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1294 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1299 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1339 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1375 - acc: 0.7455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1439 - acc: 0.7383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1435 - acc: 0.7465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1416 - acc: 0.7438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1343 - acc: 0.7614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.7656 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1356 - acc: 0.7692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1320 - acc: 0.7723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1297 - acc: 0.7792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1331 - acc: 0.7695 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1328 - acc: 0.7665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1327 - acc: 0.7743 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1325 - acc: 0.7763 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1325 - acc: 0.7734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1341 - acc: 0.7619 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1337 - acc: 0.7642  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1353 - acc: 0.7622 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1351 - acc: 0.7604 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1341 - acc: 0.7638 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.7632 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1340 - acc: 0.7662 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1339 - acc: 0.7679 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1350 - acc: 0.7651 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1344 - acc: 0.7667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1325 - acc: 0.76611024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1324 - acc: 0.76661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.76521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1331 - acc: 0.76751120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.76341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1360 - acc: 0.76041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1363 - acc: 0.75841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1371 - acc: 0.75161248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1363 - acc: 0.75561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1387 - acc: 0.75231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1396 - acc: 0.75301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1401 - acc: 0.75151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1395 - acc: 0.75221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1400 - acc: 0.75071413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1397 - acc: 0.7516    
Epoch 28/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1258 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1429 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1434 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1352 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1349 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1295 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1284 - acc: 0.7500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1262 - acc: 0.7500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1227 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1277 - acc: 0.7386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1287 - acc: 0.7422 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1326 - acc: 0.7428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1343 - acc: 0.7411 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.7479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1361 - acc: 0.7441 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1359 - acc: 0.7445 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.7500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1344 - acc: 0.7451 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1331 - acc: 0.7516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.7530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1352 - acc: 0.7500  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1348 - acc: 0.7500 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1334 - acc: 0.7539 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1349 - acc: 0.7562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1351 - acc: 0.7548 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1368 - acc: 0.7512 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1368 - acc: 0.7511 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1364 - acc: 0.7554 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1368 - acc: 0.7521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1359 - acc: 0.75401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1361 - acc: 0.75591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1347 - acc: 0.76141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1343 - acc: 0.76191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1337 - acc: 0.76341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1325 - acc: 0.76391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1323 - acc: 0.76521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1316 - acc: 0.76731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1317 - acc: 0.76921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1318 - acc: 0.76721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1311 - acc: 0.76831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1315 - acc: 0.76641376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1321 - acc: 0.76671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1324 - acc: 0.76491413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1323 - acc: 0.7657    
Epoch 29/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1863 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1485 - acc: 0.6562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1448 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1442 - acc: 0.6875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1359 - acc: 0.7188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1415 - acc: 0.7135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1375 - acc: 0.7188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1426 - acc: 0.6992 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1408 - acc: 0.7083 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1394 - acc: 0.7125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1381 - acc: 0.7216 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1388 - acc: 0.7292 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1367 - acc: 0.7332 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1357 - acc: 0.7366 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1330 - acc: 0.7417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1311 - acc: 0.7383 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.7445 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1294 - acc: 0.7465 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1308 - acc: 0.7451 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.7391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.7426 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1360 - acc: 0.7429  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1346 - acc: 0.7418 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1348 - acc: 0.7422 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1352 - acc: 0.7412 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1339 - acc: 0.7476 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.7477 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1318 - acc: 0.7545 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1310 - acc: 0.7575 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1301 - acc: 0.7604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1311 - acc: 0.75811024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1324 - acc: 0.75881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1316 - acc: 0.75851088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1317 - acc: 0.75641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1316 - acc: 0.75711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1312 - acc: 0.75871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1312 - acc: 0.75931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1301 - acc: 0.75991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1305 - acc: 0.75961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.75781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1294 - acc: 0.75991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1291 - acc: 0.76261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1291 - acc: 0.76311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1290 - acc: 0.76421413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1290 - acc: 0.7643    
Epoch 30/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1451 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1258 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1270 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1205 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1214 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1201 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1218 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1239 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1214 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1252 - acc: 0.7594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1249 - acc: 0.7557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1278 - acc: 0.7474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1301 - acc: 0.7476 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1323 - acc: 0.7433 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1309 - acc: 0.7521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1300 - acc: 0.7441 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1311 - acc: 0.7426 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1341 - acc: 0.7413 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1330 - acc: 0.7434 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1327 - acc: 0.7422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1323 - acc: 0.7440 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1314 - acc: 0.7472  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1312 - acc: 0.7527 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1309 - acc: 0.7500 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1315 - acc: 0.7450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1305 - acc: 0.7476 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1299 - acc: 0.7512 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1295 - acc: 0.7489 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1283 - acc: 0.7532 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1286 - acc: 0.7500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1282 - acc: 0.75401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1287 - acc: 0.75491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1288 - acc: 0.75281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1277 - acc: 0.75741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1265 - acc: 0.75981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1261 - acc: 0.76221184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1254 - acc: 0.76181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1260 - acc: 0.76071248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1268 - acc: 0.76121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1276 - acc: 0.75941312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1282 - acc: 0.76071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1275 - acc: 0.76191376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1281 - acc: 0.76021408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1272 - acc: 0.76281413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1275 - acc: 0.7629    
Epoch 31/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1334 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1298 - acc: 0.6875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1244 - acc: 0.6875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1229 - acc: 0.6953 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1246 - acc: 0.7188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1231 - acc: 0.7292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1158 - acc: 0.7411 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1132 - acc: 0.7461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1165 - acc: 0.7465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1200 - acc: 0.7312 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1225 - acc: 0.7330 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1216 - acc: 0.7266 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1200 - acc: 0.7428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1188 - acc: 0.7545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1169 - acc: 0.7562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1176 - acc: 0.7598 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1170 - acc: 0.7629 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1184 - acc: 0.7622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1178 - acc: 0.7632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1198 - acc: 0.7594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1201 - acc: 0.7604 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1196 - acc: 0.7571  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1204 - acc: 0.7609 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.7604 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1183 - acc: 0.7625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.7596 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1200 - acc: 0.7581 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7567 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1194 - acc: 0.7586 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1216 - acc: 0.7562 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1209 - acc: 0.76211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1204 - acc: 0.76271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1207 - acc: 0.76331088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1206 - acc: 0.76291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.75891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1212 - acc: 0.76041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1213 - acc: 0.75931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.75991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.76121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.76171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1212 - acc: 0.75991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1204 - acc: 0.76121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1199 - acc: 0.76381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1189 - acc: 0.76561413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.7650    
Epoch 32/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1340 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1308 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1354 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1351 - acc: 0.7656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1362 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1320 - acc: 0.7708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1301 - acc: 0.7781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1259 - acc: 0.7784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1241 - acc: 0.7760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1257 - acc: 0.7716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1219 - acc: 0.7812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1223 - acc: 0.7833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1202 - acc: 0.7852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1213 - acc: 0.7886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1228 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1221 - acc: 0.7796 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1203 - acc: 0.7844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1198 - acc: 0.7842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1216 - acc: 0.7798  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1223 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1232 - acc: 0.7773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1224 - acc: 0.7837 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1200 - acc: 0.7861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.7847 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.7856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1185 - acc: 0.78531024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1176 - acc: 0.78521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1177 - acc: 0.78501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.78121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1188 - acc: 0.78121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1179 - acc: 0.78301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.78631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.78371248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1187 - acc: 0.78611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.78441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.78511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.78351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1204 - acc: 0.78491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1193 - acc: 0.78481413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.7856    
Epoch 33/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1033 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1051 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1059 - acc: 0.7708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1074 - acc: 0.7676 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.7776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.7862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.7812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1064 - acc: 0.7783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.7784  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.7826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1112 - acc: 0.7747 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.7762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1137 - acc: 0.7740 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1134 - acc: 0.7731 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1128 - acc: 0.7780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1154 - acc: 0.7729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1176 - acc: 0.76811024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1183 - acc: 0.76761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.76891088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1184 - acc: 0.76651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.76431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.76741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.77031216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1188 - acc: 0.77221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1187 - acc: 0.76921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1185 - acc: 0.77111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1179 - acc: 0.77211344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1176 - acc: 0.77311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.77471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1169 - acc: 0.77561413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1171 - acc: 0.7749    
Epoch 34/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1219 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1075 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1129 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1135 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1145 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1136 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1109 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1176 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1155 - acc: 0.7969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1150 - acc: 0.7923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1128 - acc: 0.7917 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1118 - acc: 0.7961 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1130 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1130 - acc: 0.7872  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1118 - acc: 0.7912 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1111 - acc: 0.7935 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.7891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1123 - acc: 0.7900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.7909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1128 - acc: 0.7847 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1128 - acc: 0.7824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1136 - acc: 0.7812 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1120 - acc: 0.7823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.78021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1146 - acc: 0.77731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1144 - acc: 0.77751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1141 - acc: 0.77761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1131 - acc: 0.77771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1146 - acc: 0.77171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1153 - acc: 0.77531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1150 - acc: 0.77381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1144 - acc: 0.77401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.77421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1146 - acc: 0.77361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1144 - acc: 0.77461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1147 - acc: 0.77471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1147 - acc: 0.77771413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.7764    
Epoch 35/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1178 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1159 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1175 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1231 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1156 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1152 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1133 - acc: 0.7951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1132 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1085 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1073 - acc: 0.7946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1071 - acc: 0.7910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.7941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.7899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.7911 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.7953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1070 - acc: 0.7827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1084 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.7826  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1093 - acc: 0.7837 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.7837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.7859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1109 - acc: 0.7824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.7823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.7802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.78121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1110 - acc: 0.78321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.77941088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1109 - acc: 0.77941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1091 - acc: 0.78301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1085 - acc: 0.78391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1094 - acc: 0.78461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1089 - acc: 0.78371248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1086 - acc: 0.78371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1076 - acc: 0.78751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1071 - acc: 0.78731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.78721376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.78851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1078 - acc: 0.78551413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.7856    
Epoch 36/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1063 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.7708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.7812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.7886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.7911 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.7921  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7837 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1052 - acc: 0.7861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.7868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1040 - acc: 0.7885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1048 - acc: 0.78631024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.78321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.77841088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1095 - acc: 0.77941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1098 - acc: 0.77771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.77521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.77531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1094 - acc: 0.77711248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.77481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1104 - acc: 0.77501312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.77591344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1103 - acc: 0.77381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1089 - acc: 0.77831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.78121413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.7820    
Epoch 37/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1101 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1145 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1137 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1153 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1199 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1134 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1104 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1150 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1164 - acc: 0.7891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1203 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1169 - acc: 0.7946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1140 - acc: 0.7958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1125 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1123 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1130 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1114 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1095 - acc: 0.8080 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1103 - acc: 0.8054  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.8030 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.8047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.8063 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.8041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.8009 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1107 - acc: 0.7980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1112 - acc: 0.7996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1116 - acc: 0.7958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1117 - acc: 0.79441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1132 - acc: 0.79201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.79071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.78861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1115 - acc: 0.79021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1104 - acc: 0.79171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1117 - acc: 0.78801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1119 - acc: 0.78951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1111 - acc: 0.79011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1098 - acc: 0.79221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1099 - acc: 0.79041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.78941376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1092 - acc: 0.79001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.79121413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1087 - acc: 0.7912    
Epoch 38/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.8008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.7845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7798  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7826 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.7879 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7866 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.78831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.78521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.78501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.78581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.78481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.78651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1016 - acc: 0.78891216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.79191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.79251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.79371312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.79191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.79091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.79291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.79121413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7912    
Epoch 39/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1045 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.8105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.8043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.7991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.7969  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.7982 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.7963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.7953 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0997 - acc: 0.7927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.79131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.79391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.79451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.79411120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.79111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1040 - acc: 0.78561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.78721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.78871248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.78611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.78591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1054 - acc: 0.78511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.78571376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.78711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.78841413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7891    
Epoch 40/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1544 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1228 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1279 - acc: 0.7396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1198 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1193 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1169 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.7604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1114 - acc: 0.7750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.7734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1076 - acc: 0.7861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.7946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.7969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7996 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1064 - acc: 0.7951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7976 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7997  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.7989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7982 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.8017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1051 - acc: 0.7991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1051 - acc: 0.7974 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.80141024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.79881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.80021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.80061120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.80181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1061 - acc: 0.79861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1069 - acc: 0.79731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1093 - acc: 0.79281248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.79491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.79531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1074 - acc: 0.79421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1074 - acc: 0.79321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.79291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1073 - acc: 0.79331413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.1071 - acc: 0.7941    
Epoch 41/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1045 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1127 - acc: 0.7656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1135 - acc: 0.7500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1076 - acc: 0.7695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.7708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.7644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.7832 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.7830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1016 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.7842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7898  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7935 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7921 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.7920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.7885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.78531024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.78811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.78601088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.78401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.78751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.78561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.78631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.78621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.78771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.78981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.79191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.79241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.79361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.79331413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7933    
Epoch 42/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1065 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1052 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.7708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.8076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.8078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.8051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.8097  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.8112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.8100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.8077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.8079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.8058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.8093 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.8083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.80651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.80591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.80071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.80021248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.80051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.79921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.80111344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.80281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.80451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.80611413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.8068    
Epoch 43/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1119 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1152 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0938 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8160 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.8229 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.8182  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.8139 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.8177 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.8187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.8161 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.8192 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.8168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.8135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.81151024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.80591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.80511120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.80451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.80731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.80411216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.80591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.80291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.80391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.80411344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.80431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.80231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.8004    
Epoch 44/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7996 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.7934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.8016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7976  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.7969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.7948 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7995 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.7987 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.7969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.7990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.79841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.79881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.80021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0954 - acc: 0.79691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.79021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.78911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.79141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.79361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.79331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.79531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.79121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.79021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.79001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.78911413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7891    
Epoch 45/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1084 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1069 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.8011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.8029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.8063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.8125 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.8141 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.8172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.8185  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.8196 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.8207 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.8190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.8175 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8173 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.8148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.8136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.8136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.8156 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.81451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.81061088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.81251120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.81071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0954 - acc: 0.80731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.80321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.80431248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.80531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.80391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.79731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.79611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.79871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.79901413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.7990    
Epoch 46/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1140 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.7422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.7614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7552 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.7572 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.7656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.7625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7637 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7702 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7753  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.7731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.7750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.7856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.78531024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.78321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.78691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.78681120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.78931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.78911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.78971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.78951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.79011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.78911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.78891344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.78791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.78851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.78981413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.7898    
Epoch 47/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.7448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7578 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.7750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.7790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.7875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.7852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.7865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.7845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.7812  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7935 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.7875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7933 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.7924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.79541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.79791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.80021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.79781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.80181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.79691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.79811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.79851248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.79491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.79451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.79801344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.79761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.79721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.79761413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.7983    
Epoch 48/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0412 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.7727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.7740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.7849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.7865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.7796 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7842  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7799 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.7913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.79641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.79201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.79451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.79321120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.79291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.79081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.79481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.79441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.79491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.79371312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.79571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.79611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.79801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.79551413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.7955    
Epoch 49/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1159 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1120 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1052 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.7812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.7904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.7845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.7875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7932  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.7898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.7894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7943 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7937 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.7902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.7953 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.7958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.79641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.79981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.79871120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.80091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.80211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.79981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.79931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.80211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.80001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.80111344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.80131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.80381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.8025    
Epoch 50/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1147 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1156 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1265 - acc: 0.7396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1127 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.7250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.7461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.7625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.7839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.7764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.7830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.7797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7812 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.7841  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.7853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.7950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7921 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.7980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.7996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.7937 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.79641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.79491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.79361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.79321120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.79551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.79251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.79221216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.79441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.79091280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.79531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.79421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.79391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.79651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.79551413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.7962    
Epoch 51/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1091 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0938 - acc: 0.7743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.7688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.7849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.7778 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7763 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0938 - acc: 0.7756  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.7785 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7812 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.7905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.79441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.79301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.79261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.79501120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.79641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.79511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.79811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.79771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.79571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.79771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.79801344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.80061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.80161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.80111413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.8018    
Epoch 52/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1158 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8293 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.8272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8187 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.8199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.8239  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.8242 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.8225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.8185 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.8171 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.8181 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.8179 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.81551024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.81741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.81821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.81531120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.81341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.81161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.81251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.81091248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.81171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.81021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.81181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.81111413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8110    
Epoch 53/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1069 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1140 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.8031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.8151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.8229 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.8168  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.8098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8037 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.8077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.8090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.8069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.8060 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.80241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.80181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.80491088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.80181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.80151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.80511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.80451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.80871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.80731376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.81111413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 54/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1046 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.8187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.8164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.8092 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8068  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.8043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.8073 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.8077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.8067 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.8103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8039 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.8094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.80651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.80491088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.80001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.79951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.79981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.80351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.80531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.80471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.80561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.80581376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.80671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.80821413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.8082    
Epoch 55/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1157 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8338  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8274 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8216 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8163 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8185 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8171 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.81641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.81341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.81071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.80991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.81081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.81171248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.80931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.80231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.80261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.80431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.80681413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.8068    
Epoch 56/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8194 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.8068  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.8016 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.8021 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8037 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.8017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7879 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.78731024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.78611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.78501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.78681120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.78841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.78991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.79051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.79441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.79651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.79451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.79341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.79541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.79511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.79621413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7962    
Epoch 57/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.7885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.7969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7997  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.7943 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8013 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.7998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7985 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.80041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.80181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.80401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.80631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.80821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.80741216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.81011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.80491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.80581376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.80231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8025    
Epoch 58/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 26s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7983  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8067 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.8025 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.80041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.80081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.80401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.80701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.80801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.80901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.80411216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.80511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.80611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.80161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.80561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.80801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.81041413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8110    
Epoch 59/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7997  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8021 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.8013 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7981 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7974 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.80041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.80271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.80591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.80151120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.80361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.80561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.80661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.81251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.80781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.80791344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.80651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.80891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.81041413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 60/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.8255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8125 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.8158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.8140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.8168  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.8207 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.8190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.8137 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.8089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.8136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.81351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.81631088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.81431120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.81611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.81771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.81501216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.81811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.81721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.81781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.81551376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.81401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.81041413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8110    
Epoch 61/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.7743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.7904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.8006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8040  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.8075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8067 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.80761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.80971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.80701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.80181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.80321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.80181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.80371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.79841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.79951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.79941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.80111413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.8011    
Epoch 62/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1292 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1114 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.7396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1092 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.7917 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7976  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8021 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8013 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.7998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.8021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.80701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.80711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.81171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.81251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.81091280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.81171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.81101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.81181413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.8125    
Epoch 63/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1266 - acc: 0.6875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.7344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.7500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.7539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.7682 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0938 - acc: 0.7668 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.7679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7695 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7726 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.7688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.7634 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7642  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7677 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.7682 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.7764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.7778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.7768 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7791 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.78631024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.78121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.78031088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.78311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.78121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.78391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.78801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.78541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.78771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.78981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.79121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.79391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.79361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.79191413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7919    
Epoch 64/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1078 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1094 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1125 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1136 - acc: 0.8393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1125 - acc: 0.8438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1099 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1073 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1078 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1069 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.8281  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.8315 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.8320 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.8313 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.8264 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.8259 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.8308 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.8313 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.82961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0997 - acc: 0.82711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.82901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.82591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.82811184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.82351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.82401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.82451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.82341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.82391344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.82511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.82631408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.82531413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.8252    
Epoch 65/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8398 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8382 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.8199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8182  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8164 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8161 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.80611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.80631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80741216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.80671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.80931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.81171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.81021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.81181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.81101408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.81041413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8110    
Epoch 66/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.7924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.7986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8166  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8125 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.80961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.80781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.80701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.81161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.81011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.81021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.80871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.80801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.80891413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8068    
Epoch 67/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7734 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.8042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.7969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.7969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8003  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8008 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8063 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8053 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.79941024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.80081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.80491088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80791120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.80511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.80451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.80471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.80431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.80261413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8033    
Epoch 68/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7962  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.7909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.7991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.7985 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.7990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.80081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.79921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.79781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.79911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80571216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.80351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.80451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.80231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.79991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.80091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.79901413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.7997    
Epoch 69/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1121 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8027 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.7878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.7997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7976  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.7956 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8009 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8002 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.7996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.80081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80491088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80331120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.80471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.80661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.81251344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.81471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.81471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.81681413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8160    
Epoch 70/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8036 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8026 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8084  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8099 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8113 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8156 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.81151024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.80961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.81161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.81341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.81251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.81251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.80671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.81021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.81101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8075    
Epoch 71/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 28s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 25s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7734 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.7955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8203 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.8162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.8108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8092 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8109 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8164  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8163 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8185 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.80971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.80891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.80901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.81081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.81171248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.81011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.81091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.80871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.80801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 72/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8289 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8295 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8220  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8151 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8175 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8173 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8157 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.81641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.81531120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.81341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.81601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.81501216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.81581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.81411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.81641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.81171344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.81181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.81101408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.81251413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8125    
Epoch 73/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0533 - acc: 1.0000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.7781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.7740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.7776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.7872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7912 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7935  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.7969 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7986 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7969 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.7990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.80301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.79961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.80091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.81021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.81031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 74/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.9062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.8750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.8616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.8180 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8281 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.8274  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8281 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8229 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.82261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.82321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.82441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.82231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.82091216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.82321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.82451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.82031312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.82091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.81921376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.81981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.82031413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8188    
Epoch 75/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8240 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8261  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8177 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8125 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.81351024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.81251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.81161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.81071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.81331216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.81011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.81021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81101376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.81251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.81181413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8125    
Epoch 76/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8027 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.7997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8043  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8125 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.81251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.81351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.81531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.81621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.81701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.81771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.82151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.82341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.82551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.82291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.82121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81891413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8195    
Epoch 77/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1522 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1233 - acc: 0.6562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1233 - acc: 0.6875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1231 - acc: 0.6953 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1057 - acc: 0.7188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.7594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.7552 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.7830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7812 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.7797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.7812  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.7928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.7927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.79441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.79591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.80021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.79961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.79911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.80121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.80151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.79931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.80211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.80311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.80031344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.80131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.80091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.80401413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8047    
Epoch 78/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8398 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8346 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8366 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8383 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8320 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8313  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8317 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8281 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8276 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8229 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.82131056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.82291088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.82411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.82201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.82261216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.81571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.81641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.81321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.81321408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.81391413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8139    
Epoch 79/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.8026 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.8003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8021 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8075  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.80951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.80961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.81161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.81431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.81581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.81411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.81721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.81941344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.81771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.81401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.81531413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8153    
Epoch 80/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.7996 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8092 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8110 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8182 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8207 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8216 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8200  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8185 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8229 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8214 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8190 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8187 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.81531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.81071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.80891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.81341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.80911216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.81251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.81251344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.81551376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.81471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.81461413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8139    
Epoch 81/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.7932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7943 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8000  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7981 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.7958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.7958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.79331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.79791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.80061120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.80271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.79691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.79811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.79851248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.79811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.80081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.80031344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.79761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.80091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8011    
Epoch 82/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8207 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8203 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8200  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8185 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8160 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81531120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.80831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.81171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8103    
Epoch 83/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8060 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.8050  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.8080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.80541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.80761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.80451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.80071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.80511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.80931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.80801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.80821413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 84/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.7375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.7865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.7885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.7854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7794 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7798 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.7798 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.7852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.7875  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.7885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.7847 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.7877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.7948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.79031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.79001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.79171088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.79501120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.79641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.79771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.79811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.79931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.80051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.80311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.80491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.80881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.80671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.80541413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8061    
Epoch 85/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8438 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8315 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8372 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8337  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8305 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8322 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8304 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8323 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.82761024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.82911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.82721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.82591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.82121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.82181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.82151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.82191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.82241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.82221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.82051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.82171413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8224    
Epoch 86/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8109 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8125 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8125 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8137  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8161 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8137 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8125 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.81251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.81351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.80971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.81161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.81421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81591216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.81501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.81561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.81551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.81321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.81471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.81251413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8117    
Epoch 87/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8294 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8325  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8299 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8297 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8281 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.82561024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.82621056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.82721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.82681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.82291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.82091216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.82321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.81731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.82031312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.82091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.82291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.82051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.82101413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 88/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.6719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.7869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8027 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8038 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8036 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8138 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8137  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8137 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8092 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.81251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.81161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81251120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.81171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.81251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.81101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.81251376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.81111413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8103    
Epoch 89/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8168 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8125  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8161 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8160 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8158 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.80951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81251088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.81431120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.81431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.81421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.80911216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81091248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.80871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.81031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.81181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.81181413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8117    
Epoch 90/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0503 - acc: 0.9531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8187 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8207 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8203 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8200  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8214 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8177 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.81251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.81531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.81891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.81701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.81661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.81971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.82191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.82241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.82371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.82271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.81891413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8188    
Epoch 91/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8125 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8141 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8097 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8100  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.80851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.80711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.80991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.81171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.80781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.81021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.81181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.81181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81461413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8139    
Epoch 92/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8109 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8164 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8137  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8113 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8071 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.81521152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.81511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.81761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.81331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81801312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.81331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81621376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.81461413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8153    
Epoch 93/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7996 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.7951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8054 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8138 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8137  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8093 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.80751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.80981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.80661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.81001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.80861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.80641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.80651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.80611413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8054    
Epoch 94/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8267 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8288 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8225  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8322 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8315 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8308 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.82861024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.82951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.83091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.82861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.82181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.82321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.82111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.82391344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.82371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.81981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.82101413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 95/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8177 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8213  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8160 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8192 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8211 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.82061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.81931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.82291088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.82321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.82291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.82651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.82851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.82851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.82371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.82241413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8224    
Epoch 96/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.7344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.7361 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.7281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.7415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.7500 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.7596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.7545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.7562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.7539 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.7592 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.7604 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.7664 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.7734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.7783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.7770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.7852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.7825  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.7837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.7894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.7902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.7942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.7958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.79231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.79301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.79451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.79411120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.79551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.79951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.79981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.80101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.80291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.80161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.80411344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.80511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.80601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.80541413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8040    
Epoch 97/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0433 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0585 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8346 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8289 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8289 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8255 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8225  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8209 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8211 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.82061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.82231056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.82391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.82261216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.82151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.82271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.82161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.82291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.82121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.82031413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 98/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.7955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8207 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8263  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8254 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8187 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.82361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.81841056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.82201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82351120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.82201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.82351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.82241248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.82291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.81951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.82011344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.81991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.81981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.81821413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8181    
Epoch 99/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0572 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.7869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8184 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8182 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8179 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8164 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8200  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8233 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8171 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8170 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8200 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8229 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.82261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.81931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.82201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.82241248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.82191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.82091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.82371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.82191408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.82031413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8202    
Epoch 100/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8348 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8310 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8242 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8237  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8206 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8192 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8179 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8187 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.82061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.82321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.82101088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.81961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.81861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.81891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.81871312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82011344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82141376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.82241413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8231    
Epoch 101/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.6979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7188 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.7951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8080 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8040 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8163  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8137 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8183 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8203 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8200 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8177 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.81931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.82201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.82081120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.81961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.81771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.81991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.82031312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.82241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.81991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.81901408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.81891413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8195    
Epoch 102/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0396 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8378 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8381 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8424 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8438  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8474 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8472 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8471 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8416 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8417 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.84271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.84181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.84001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.84101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.83841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.83771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.83611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.83391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.83411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.83441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.83611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.83411376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.83281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.83521413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8337    
Epoch 103/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8490 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8558 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8295 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8288 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8294 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8325  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8315 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.82861024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.82711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.82481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82261120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.82681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.82771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.82731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.82771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.82891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.83001344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.83041376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.83361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.83101413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8309    
Epoch 104/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0569 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8184 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8261 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8177 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8250  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8192 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8187 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.81851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.81641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.81631088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.81711120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.81701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.81511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.81591216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.81501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.81571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.82031312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.81861344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.82071376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.81981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.82101413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 105/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8636 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8672 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8630 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8594 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8535 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8566 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8576 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8569 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8609 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8616 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8608 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8641 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8488 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8474  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8495 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8438 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8417 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.84381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.84571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.84001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.84101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.84291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.83941184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.83951216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.83801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.83571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.83521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.83461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.83631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.83651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.83381413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8337    
Epoch 106/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0542 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8125  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8151 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8160 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.81541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.81631088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.82231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.82291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.82321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.82451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.82591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.82991408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.82811413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8280    
Epoch 107/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0357 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0519 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0520 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0543 - acc: 0.8984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8289 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8253  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8216 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8183 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8200 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.82361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.82521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.81961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.81861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.82011216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.81991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.82051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.82241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.82371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.82671413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8252    
Epoch 108/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8322 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8259  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8281 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8288 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8307 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8333 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8337 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8287 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.83271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.83201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.83241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.83361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.83041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.82901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.82851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.82731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.82661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.82771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.82591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.83101413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8309    
Epoch 109/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.8438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0569 - acc: 0.8438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8486 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8315 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8268  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8313 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8322 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8348 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8308 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8302 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.83111056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.83331088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.83091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.83391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.83511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.83531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.83391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.83331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.83281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.83611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.83561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.83501408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.83591413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8365    
Epoch 110/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8184 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8214  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8255 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8206 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8214 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.82031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.81721088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.82031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.81761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.82071248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.82051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82441376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82191408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82101413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 111/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8785 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0567 - acc: 0.8864 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0576 - acc: 0.8724 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0565 - acc: 0.8798 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8683 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8652 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8603 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8646 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8635 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8609 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8601  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8537 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8533 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8462 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8401 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8391 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8415 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8416 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8438 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.84481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.84281056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.84281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.84381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.84201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.84131248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.84131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.84061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.84081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.84021413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8393    
Epoch 112/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0516 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0545 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8180 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8318  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8281 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8274 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8294 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8304 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.83971024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.83891056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.83811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84011120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.83751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.83511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.83191216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.83391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.83411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.83521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.83541344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.83411376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.83431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.83591413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8358    
Epoch 113/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0525 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0522 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0542 - acc: 0.9167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0547 - acc: 0.8984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0573 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8240 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8274  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8224 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8234 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8177 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8297 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8292 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.83471024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.83141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.82901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.82601216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.82241248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.82211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.82551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82441376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.82491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82811413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8280    
Epoch 114/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8203 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8170  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8216 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8181 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8179 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.81961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.82421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.82481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.82441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.82501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.82641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.82431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.82571248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.82661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.82591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.82631408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82811413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8287    
Epoch 115/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8379 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8423  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8338 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8370 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8320 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8365 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8333 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8359 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.83671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.83301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.83141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.83271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.83751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.83391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.83441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.83611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.83711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.83581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.83381413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8323    
Epoch 116/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.8750 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0577 - acc: 0.8828 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8398 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8438 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8420 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8333  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8352 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8315 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8346 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8353 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8391 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8326 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8281 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.83201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.83241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.83551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.83391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.83511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.83531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.83551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.83491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.83751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.83611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.83851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.84011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.84301413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8408    
Epoch 117/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0502 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0566 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8293 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8359 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8289 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8378  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8438 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8410 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8424 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8438 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8461 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8460 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8427 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8375 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.83771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.83591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.83431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.83461120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.83391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.83331184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.83361216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.83721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.83751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.83841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.83931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.83501408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.83661413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8372    
Epoch 118/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0579 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0557 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8240 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8259  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8261 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8322 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8315 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.83501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.83811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.83921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.83751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.84031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.83701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83881248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.83811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.83911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.83771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.83481376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.83501408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.83451413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8344    
Epoch 119/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0557 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8333 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8359 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8351 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8333  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8395 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8383 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8359 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8425 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8426 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8438 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8448 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8417 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.84381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.84671056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.84471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.84741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.84201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.84201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.83781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.83551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.83571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.83671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.83771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.84001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83791408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.83951413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8386    
Epoch 120/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8080  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8125 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8137 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8173 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8183 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8203 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.82661024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.82551184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.82431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.82401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.82371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.82161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.82221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.82191408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.82241413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8224    
Epoch 121/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8184 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8214  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8307 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8299 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8359 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8351 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8313 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.83061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.83301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.83521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83461120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.83211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.83331184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.83611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.83971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.83591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.83611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.83631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.83361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.83101413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8309    
Epoch 122/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0491 - acc: 0.9219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8750 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8722 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8620 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8606 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8504 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8516 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8529 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8423 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8423  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8451 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8477 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8450 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8449 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8460 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8394 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8385 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84071024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.84281056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.83811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83821120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.84201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.84211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.84131248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.84381280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.84451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.84681344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.84601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.84451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.84381413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8436    
Epoch 123/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.0513 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0582 - acc: 0.8542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0593 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0582 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0574 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8452 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8452 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8346  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8401 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8393 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.82721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.82501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.82811184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.82771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.82891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.82931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.82891376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.82781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.82601413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8266    
Epoch 124/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8802 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8750 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8608 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8620 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8606 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8616 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8524 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8520 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8557 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8466  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8505 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8516 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8425 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8438 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8415 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8438 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.84581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.84571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.83901088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.84191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.84201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.84381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.84291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.84131248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.84381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.84381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.84601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.84451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.84231413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8422    
Epoch 125/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0559 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0473 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0505 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0508 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0507 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0525 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0537 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0575 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0593 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8295  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8307 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8313 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8329 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8237 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8229 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.81841056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.82081120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.82051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.81861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.82011216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.82341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.82391413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8245    
Epoch 126/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8398 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8420 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8378 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8395  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8383 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8398 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8337 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8317 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8356 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8326 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8313 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.83011056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.83051088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.83271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.82771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.82641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82481248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.82771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.82661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.82961376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.83141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.83241413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8316    
Epoch 127/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0509 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8382 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8351 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8348 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8366  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8383 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8346 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8387 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8438 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8449 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8438 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8427 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.84481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.84471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.84551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84461184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.84541216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.84621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.84461280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.84221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.84151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.84001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.83581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83661413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8365    
Epoch 128/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0567 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8111  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8152 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8125 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.81851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.82131056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82011216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.81991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.82051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.82271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.82491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82391413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8245    
Epoch 129/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8750 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8711 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8646 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8636 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8542 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8438 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8497 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8480  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8451 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8488 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8462 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8426 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8416 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.84581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.84571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.84381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.84101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.84201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84111184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.84211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.84381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.83891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.84141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.83631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.83501408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.83591413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8365    
Epoch 130/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.7031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8203 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8244 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8267  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8288 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8255 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8275 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8264 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8265 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82761024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.82201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.82861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.82811184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83021216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.83141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.83171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.83201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.82771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.82741376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.82851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.82741413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8280    
Epoch 131/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8611 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8516 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8474 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8438 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8408 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8395  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8383 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8398 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8363 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8377 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8403 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8404 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8319 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8323 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.82711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.82441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.82771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.82851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.82931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83041376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.83071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.83451413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8344    
Epoch 132/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8318 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8338  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8329 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8294 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8281 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8276 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8292 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.82561024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.82521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.81961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.82351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.82481248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.82741376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.82411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.82741413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8280    
Epoch 133/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0570 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0501 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8542 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8457 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8438 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8393 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8395 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8410  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8398 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8363 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8389 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8380 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8438 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8438 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8427 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.84271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.84181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.84471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.84471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.84551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.84291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.84291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.84291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.84291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.84221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.84071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.83931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.84081408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.84021413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8401    
Epoch 134/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0593 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8203 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8214 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8224 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8274 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8333  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8275 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8264 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8287 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.82711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.82951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.83271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.83511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.83611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.84051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.83991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.83711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83661413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8372    
Epoch 135/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0574 - acc: 0.8698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0563 - acc: 0.8616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0575 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0574 - acc: 0.8516 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0578 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0585 - acc: 0.8438 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8379 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8378  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8366 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8370 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8333 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.82261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.81931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.82101088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.81891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.81871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.82261216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.82651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.82691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.82421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.82661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.82701408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.82531413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8238    
Epoch 136/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0524 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0550 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0499 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0513 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0543 - acc: 0.8750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0535 - acc: 0.8594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0570 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0548 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0561 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0556 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0576 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0574 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0580 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.8415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8403 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0590 - acc: 0.8452  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0581 - acc: 0.8494 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.8465 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.8387 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8450 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8472 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8415 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8427 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8469 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0593 - acc: 0.84681024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.84571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.84561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.84381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.84381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.84641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.84801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84871248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.84781280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.84531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.84081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.84011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.83881413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8386    
Epoch 137/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0564 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0581 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8346 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8289  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8177 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8160 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8181 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8233 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.82261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.82421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82291088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.81621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.82051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.82521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.82731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.82851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.82891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.82701344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.82811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.82781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.82881413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8287    
Epoch 138/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0503 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0450 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0550 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0556 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0526 - acc: 0.8750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0505 - acc: 0.8854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0529 - acc: 0.8839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0530 - acc: 0.8750 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0550 - acc: 0.8750 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0549 - acc: 0.8812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0545 - acc: 0.8722 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0546 - acc: 0.8776 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0531 - acc: 0.8822 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0547 - acc: 0.8728 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.8688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0551 - acc: 0.8711 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0569 - acc: 0.8640 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8559 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8602 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8586  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8594 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8546 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8542 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8475 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.8522 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8507 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8527 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8470 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.85181024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.85251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.85421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.85201120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.85091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.85161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.84881216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.85121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.85021280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.84841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.84221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.84521408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.84091413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8415    
Epoch 139/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0525 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8267 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8140  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8152 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8151 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8113 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8114 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.81741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.82011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.82731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.82521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.82571248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.82731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.82931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.83181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.83141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.83171413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8316    
Epoch 140/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0508 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0562 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0520 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0545 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0568 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0579 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0581 - acc: 0.8250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8351 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8304  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8288 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8242 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8264 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8276 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.82461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.82521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.82541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.82501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.82471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.82091216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.82151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.82451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.82411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.82531413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8252    
Epoch 141/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8359 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8322 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8239  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8268 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8299 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8337 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8281 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83011056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.83241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.83551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.83481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.83251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.83021216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.82771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.82731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.82851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.82661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.82851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.82671413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8259    
Epoch 142/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8379 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8348  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8381 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8356 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8359 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8363 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8377 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8356 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8382 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8385 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.84171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.84281056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.84381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.84011120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.84021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.84201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.84041216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.84211248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.83811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.83831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.83541344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.83561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.82701408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.83031413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8309    
Epoch 143/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0468 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0552 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0593 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8457 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0587 - acc: 0.8474 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8490 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8452 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8438  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8410 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8353 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8333 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8396 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.84271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.84081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.83901088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.83641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.83481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.83511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.83531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.83471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.82851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.82961376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82921408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82741413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8280    
Epoch 144/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0532 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0412 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0482 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0503 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0517 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0530 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0556 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0564 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0568 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0573 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0557 - acc: 0.8594 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8504 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8455 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8452 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8452  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8438 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8424 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8387 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8329 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8345 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8308 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.83771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.83891056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83731120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.83591184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.83781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.83801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.84051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.83911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.83841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.83521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8358    
Epoch 145/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8408 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8452  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8505 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8438 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8425 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8382 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8406 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.84171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.84091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.84381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.84291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.84551184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.84461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.84791248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.84541280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.84531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.84451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.84451376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.84671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.84451413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8436    
Epoch 146/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8322 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8333 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8338  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8372 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8310 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8337 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8313 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83371024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.83131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83071184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.82941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.82891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.82691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.82661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.82931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.82661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.82781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.82811413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8280    
Epoch 147/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0404 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0561 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0563 - acc: 0.8616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0585 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0582 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0580 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0572 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0564 - acc: 0.8510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0551 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0551 - acc: 0.8542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0568 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0578 - acc: 0.8382 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0580 - acc: 0.8368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0572 - acc: 0.8438 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8512 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8509  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8478 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8438 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8474 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8507 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0590 - acc: 0.8560 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8545 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8531 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.85181024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.85251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.85041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.84471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.84201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.84211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.83961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.83811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.84061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.83921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.84151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.83721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.83661413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8365    
Epoch 148/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8244  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8224 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8261 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8268 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8218 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8259 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8254 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8198 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.82261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.82321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.82391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.82631120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.82591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.82121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.82261216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.82571248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.82611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.82661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.82591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.82411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.82171413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8217    
Epoch 149/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0525 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0557 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0545 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0546 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0565 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8359 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8423 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8423  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0590 - acc: 0.8438 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0587 - acc: 0.8424 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8462 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0590 - acc: 0.8438 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8472 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8405 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.84171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.83981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.84281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.84101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.84291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.84461184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84711216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.84461248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84461280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.84221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.84301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.83941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.84021413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8408    
Epoch 150/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0442 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0443 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0464 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0477 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0538 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0540 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0526 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0526 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0524 - acc: 0.8507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0510 - acc: 0.8562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0509 - acc: 0.8523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0507 - acc: 0.8568 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0527 - acc: 0.8534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0529 - acc: 0.8460 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0543 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0565 - acc: 0.8477 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0587 - acc: 0.8364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0582 - acc: 0.8351 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0578 - acc: 0.8438 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0582 - acc: 0.8352  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8397 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0590 - acc: 0.8372 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8363 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8353 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8345 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8326 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8319 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.82911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.83241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.83271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.83131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.83251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.83111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.83061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.83251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.83441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.83541344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.83561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.83521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8337    
Epoch 151/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0449 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0499 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0501 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0517 - acc: 0.8906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0524 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0513 - acc: 0.8906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0543 - acc: 0.8929 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.8711 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8646 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0574 - acc: 0.8594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.8636 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0576 - acc: 0.8620 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0575 - acc: 0.8582 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0582 - acc: 0.8571 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0587 - acc: 0.8583 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0575 - acc: 0.8594 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0577 - acc: 0.8566 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0564 - acc: 0.8611 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0580 - acc: 0.8536 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0573 - acc: 0.8578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0577 - acc: 0.8542  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8537 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0577 - acc: 0.8546 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8568 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8512 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8522 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8484 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8482 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8491 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.8490 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.84481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.84571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.84471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.84191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.84461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0590 - acc: 0.84641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.84461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.84621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.84701280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.84921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.84761344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.84601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.84521408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.84301413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8429    
Epoch 152/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8348  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8329 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8281 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8299 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8315 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8297 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8292 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.82961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.83301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.83051088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.83091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.83211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.82901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.82691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.83171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.83281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.83001344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.83111376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.82921408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.82951413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8301    
Epoch 153/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0575 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8289 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8274  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8203 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8209 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8206 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8259 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8265 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8271 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.82661024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.82321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.82391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.82861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.82851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.83011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.83131312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.83311344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.83181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.83361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83591413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8344    
Epoch 154/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0334 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0527 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0504 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8187 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8229 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8267  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8274 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8268 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8287 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8326 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8323 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.83471024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.83401056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.83241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.83361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.83801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.83251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.83281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.83381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.83181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.83141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.83171413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8323    
Epoch 155/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0462 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0572 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0585 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0556 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0587 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0593 - acc: 0.8156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8224  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8242 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8241 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8271 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.82361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.82131056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.82101088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.82441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.82551184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.82771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.82731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.82771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.82811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.82441376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.82701408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.82671413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8266    
Epoch 156/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0572 - acc: 0.9167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8462 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8507 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8536 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8423  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8452 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8492 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8516 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8522 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8553 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8560 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8534 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8573 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.85581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.85251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.85131088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.84931120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.85001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.84721184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.84381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.84461280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.84301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.84151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.83881413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8386    
Epoch 157/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0505 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8322 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8333  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8366 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8370 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8320 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8322 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8337 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.83571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.83501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.83621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.84011120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.83661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.84031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.84211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.84131248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.84131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.84221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.83921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.83561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83501408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8358    
Epoch 158/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0442 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0506 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0504 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0573 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8333 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8346 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8348  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8295 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8288 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8294 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8345 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8359 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8362 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83471024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.83161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.83281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.83141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.83441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.83381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.83581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83451413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8337    
Epoch 159/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0560 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0556 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0556 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0547 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0537 - acc: 0.8750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0560 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0561 - acc: 0.8571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0567 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8403 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8482  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8480 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8424 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8398 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8387 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8403 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8337 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8362 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.83371024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.83301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.83241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.82951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.82991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.82691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.83011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.83201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.83461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.83331376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.83281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83311413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8330    
Epoch 160/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0547 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0555 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8438 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8420 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8289 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8310  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8359 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8345 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8359 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8394 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8375 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83471024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.83591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.83621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.84021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.83851184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.83871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.83721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.83891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.83671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.83541344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.83261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.83581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.83741413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8379    
Epoch 161/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0533 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0539 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0593 - acc: 0.8608 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8594 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8486 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8460 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8382 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8318  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8281 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8329 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8281 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8233 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8218 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8203 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8211 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.82761024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.82621056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.82581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.82721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83331184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.83361216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83311248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.83361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.83261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.83431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.83661413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8358    
Epoch 162/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0525 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8711 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8715 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8665 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8568 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8606 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8571 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8594 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8676 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8628 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8618 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8542  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8565 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8519 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8568 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8612 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8606 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8600 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8560 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8534 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.85181024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.84771056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.85041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.85391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.85621152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.85501184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.85051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.85441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.85581280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.85311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.85371344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.85491376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.85541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.85581413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8563    
Epoch 163/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8393  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8438 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8465 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8424 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8401 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8380 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8382 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8319 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8302 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.83061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.82861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.82721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.83131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.83161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.83281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.83471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.83491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.83591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.83931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.83791408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83881413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8393    
Epoch 164/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8293 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8398 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8393  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8438 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8451 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8389 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8426 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8426 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8438 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8479 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.84381056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.84381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.83821120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.83941184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.83691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.83931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.84011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.84021413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8393    
Epoch 165/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0562 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0562 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8379 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8438 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8527  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8480 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8451 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8462 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8484 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8471 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8459 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8427 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.84381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.84471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.84001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.84191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.84111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.84461184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.84381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.84291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.83891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.83981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.83851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.84161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.84381413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8443    
Epoch 166/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0551 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0360 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0441 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0511 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0498 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0504 - acc: 0.8854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0575 - acc: 0.8661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8646 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8462 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8574 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8455 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8487 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8423  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8452 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8438 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8398 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8462 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8461 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8482 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8481 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.84881024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.84861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.85041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.85111120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.84551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.84641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.84711216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.84621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.84541280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.84611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.84601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.84751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.84671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.84661413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8450    
Epoch 167/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0500 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0556 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0568 - acc: 0.8542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8542 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8486 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8516 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8511 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8542 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8487 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8482  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8537 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8573 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8503 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8475 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8474 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8461 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8493 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8481 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8469 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.84881024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.84861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.84851088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.84831120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.85181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.85161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.84801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.84951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.85021280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.84921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.84911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.84821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.84741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.84381413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8443    
Epoch 168/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8457 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8420 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8467  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8452 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8465 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8438 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8449 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8460 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8448 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8438 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.84481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.84381056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.84281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.84191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.84381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.84551184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.84461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.84621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.84861280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.84691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.84601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.84671376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.84591408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.84731413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8471    
Epoch 169/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0438 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0559 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0579 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8460 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8457 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8438 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8466  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8410 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8475 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8425 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8415 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8405 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8354 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.83871024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.83981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.84001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.83921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.84111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.84111184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.83951216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.83881248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.83651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.83671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.83461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.83781376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.83721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.83661413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8358    
Epoch 170/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8516 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8529 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8576 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8553 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8542  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8551 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8492 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8475 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8474 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8484 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8504 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8502 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.85181024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.84961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.84751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.84381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.84551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.84641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.84711216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.84461248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.84621280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.84841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.84681344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.84821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.84811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.84801413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8485    
Epoch 171/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0503 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0546 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0576 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0544 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0576 - acc: 0.8594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8477 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8382 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8403 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8378  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8423 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8424 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8486 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8484 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8482 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8491 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.84781024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.85161056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.85041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.85291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.85001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.85161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.85141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.85121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.85021280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.84691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.85191376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.84811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.85011413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8493    
Epoch 172/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8460 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8516 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8493 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8333  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8381 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8438 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8438 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8461 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8493 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8491 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84781024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.84961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.85231088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.85661120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.85451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.85421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.85471216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.85281248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.85501280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.85471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.85291344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.85041376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.85031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.84731413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8478    
Epoch 173/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8958 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8611 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8636 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8542 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8516 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8511 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8490 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8470 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8467  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8494 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8478 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8477 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8462 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8472 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8427 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8385 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.84171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.84381056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.84191088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.84281120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.84461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.84641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.84381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.84381280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.83931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.83871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.84091413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8393    
Epoch 174/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.9000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.9062 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8490 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8438 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8398 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8333  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8310 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8268 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8287 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8317 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8356 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8393 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8427 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8458 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.84481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84281056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.84281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.84381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.84111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.84201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.84461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.84541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.84291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.84451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.84451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.84301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.84231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.84301413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8422    
Epoch 175/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0552 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8789 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0587 - acc: 0.8854 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.8844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8722 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8724 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8630 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8574 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8585 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8497  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8466 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8438 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8462 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8462 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8449 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8471 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8502 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.85181024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.85351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.85421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.85391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.85361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.85241184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.85051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.84871248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.85021280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.84921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.84451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.84301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.84381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84731413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8471    
Epoch 176/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8490 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8462 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8594 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8548 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8542 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8536 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8571  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8594 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8587 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8581 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8546 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8530 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8493 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8502 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8490 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.84581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.84571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.84851088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.84281120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.84291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.84291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.84211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.84381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.84451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.84381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.84451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.84731413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8478    
Epoch 177/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0577 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0583 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8470 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8497  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8537 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8533 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8516 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8512 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8534 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8519 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8504 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8459 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8469 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.84271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.84281056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.84561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.84471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.84641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.84721184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.84881216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.84541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.84701280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.84771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.84831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.84521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.84591408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.84091413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8408    
Epoch 178/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0533 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0547 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0536 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0539 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8318  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8381 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8424 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8413 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8425 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8403 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8393 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8362 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8354 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.83571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.83591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.83811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.83731120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.83841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.84111184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.84121216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.84131248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.84131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.84061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.84071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.84081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.84161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.84231413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8429    
Epoch 179/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8333 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8403 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8393  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8423 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8410 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8424 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8474 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8484 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8448 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.84271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.84671056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.84851088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.85021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.85181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.84811184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.84971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.85121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.85341280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.85311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.85521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.85711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.85541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.85441413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8549    
Epoch 180/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0555 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8580 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8568 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8504 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0641 - acc: 0.8574 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8621 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8559 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8586 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8542  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8537 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8587 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8633 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8612 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8618 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8611 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8616 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8642 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8625 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.86091024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.86041056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.85891088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.85291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.85451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.85591184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.85471216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.85361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.85261280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.84921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.84831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.84751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.84521408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.84521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8450    
Epoch 181/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0550 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0514 - acc: 0.8906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0546 - acc: 0.8884 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0558 - acc: 0.8906 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0573 - acc: 0.8819 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.8724 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0611 - acc: 0.8798 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8750 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0619 - acc: 0.8711 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8566 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8576 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8553 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8482  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8523 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8492 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8477 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8329 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8310 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8276 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8302 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.82461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.82621056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.82481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.82631120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.82861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.83161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83631248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.83981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.84221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.84521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.84671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.84941413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8485    
Epoch 182/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0502 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.9219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.9141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.9125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8828 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8889 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8750 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8724 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8726 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8728 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8711 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8713 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8750 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8734 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8750  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8722 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8682 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8685 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8638 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8594 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8600 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8583 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8588 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8583 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.85791024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.85841056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.85511088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.85391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.85181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.84901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.85051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.84951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.85101280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.85001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.84911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.84971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.84881408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.84801413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8471    
Epoch 183/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1118 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.8033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.8043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8095  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.8054 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8060 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.8075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.82031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.81911088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.82051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.82201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.82261216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.82651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.82611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.82811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.82771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.82741376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.82991408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.83031413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8301    
Epoch 184/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8420 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8438  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8395 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8397 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8389 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8382 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8373 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.83301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.83431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.83361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.83571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.83681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.83451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.83471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.83381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.83181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.83071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.83311413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8330    
Epoch 185/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0574 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.9531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8346 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8348  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8352 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8329 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8359 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8363 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8353 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8248 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8287 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8302 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.82961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.83051088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.83091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.83301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83191216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.83331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.83361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.83231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.83481376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.83361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.83521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8344    
Epoch 186/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8259  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8322 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8337 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8354 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.83371024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.83201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.82861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.82811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.82591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.82731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.82851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.82651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.82691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.82811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.82771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.82811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.83071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.83171413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8316    
Epoch 187/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8486 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8566 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8405 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8393  704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8366 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8356 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8424 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8426 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8382 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8373 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8354 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.83571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.83791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.83811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.83641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.83391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.83251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.83191216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.83391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.83251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.83441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.83611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.83631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.83721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.83521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8344    
Epoch 188/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.0511 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.9219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8802 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8715 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8580 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8594 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8558 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8535 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8455 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8487 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8438 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8409  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8397 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8438 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8380 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.83571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.83501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.83811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.83921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.84111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.84201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.84121216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.84131248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.84381280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.84221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.84151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.84081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.84161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.84231413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8422    
Epoch 189/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8333 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8194 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8170 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8182  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8203 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8229 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8248 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8265 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.82161024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.82421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.82581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.82901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.83041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.83161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.83451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.83391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.83571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.83751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.83771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.83561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.83581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.83521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8351    
Epoch 190/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0500 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8240 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8244 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8267  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8234 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8255 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8218 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8198 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.82161024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.81931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82101088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.82261120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.82321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.82641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.82261216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.81991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.82321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.82291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.82491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.82741413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8273    
Epoch 191/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1301 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.7760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.7969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8333 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8366  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8410 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8398 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8413 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8425 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8449 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8460 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8438 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8438 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.84271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.84081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.84191088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.84281120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.84111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.83941184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.83781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.83721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.83811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.84061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.84221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.84231376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.84381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.84521413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8457    
Epoch 192/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.7500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.7500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.7695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.7812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.7923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.7951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.7961 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.7991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8040  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8034 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8092 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.81151024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.80781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.80611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.80801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.81161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.81001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.80721344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.80801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8103    
Epoch 193/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.7812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.7946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.8070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8141 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.8068  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.8043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.8008 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.8017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.8021 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8047 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.80341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.80661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.81071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.81431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.81511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.81731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81801312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.81631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.81701376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.81981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.81821413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8188    
Epoch 194/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0511 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8462 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8470 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8571 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8608  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8533 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8568 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8538 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8546 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8565 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8571 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8545 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8542 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.85481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.85641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.85701088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.85291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.85541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.85331184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.85221216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.84951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.84861280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.84531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.84531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.84301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.84301408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.84091413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8408    
Epoch 195/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8462 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8403 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8408 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8438  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8492 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8450 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8461 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8470 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8458 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.84681024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.84771056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.84471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.84381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.84461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.84291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.84541216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.84291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.84131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.84061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.83991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.83851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.84011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.84231413/1413 [==============================] - 19s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8422    
Epoch 196/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8333 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8366  736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8410 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8438 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8356 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8359 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.83371024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.82911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.83141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.83181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.83391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.83331184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.83111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.82981248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.83331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.83361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.83461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.83261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.83211408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.82881413/1413 [==============================] - 17s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8287    
Epoch 197/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1317 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1085 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1078 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1142 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1133 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1107 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1094 - acc: 0.8092 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1075 - acc: 0.8094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1061 - acc: 0.8095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1052 - acc: 0.8068 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.8057 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.8060 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.8013 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.7975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.8028 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.8031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.80241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.80471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.80591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.80001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.79771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.79731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.79771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.79811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.79921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.79731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.79841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.79721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.79901413/1413 [==============================] - 8s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.7997     
Epoch 198/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.8105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.8092 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.8078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.8065 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.8040 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.8021 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.8025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.8041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.8056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.8069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8093 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.8115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.80881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.80891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.80301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.80071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.79691248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.79731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.79531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.79191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.79171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.79221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.79051413/1413 [==============================] - 8s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7898     
Epoch 199/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1185 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1168 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1160 - acc: 0.7396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1239 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1117 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1178 - acc: 0.7634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1094 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1063 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1176 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1177 - acc: 0.7924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1228 - acc: 0.7833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.7871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1175 - acc: 0.7886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1177 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1165 - acc: 0.7845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1145 - acc: 0.7828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1145 - acc: 0.7857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1141 - acc: 0.7827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1150 - acc: 0.7799 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1139 - acc: 0.7786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1132 - acc: 0.7800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.7800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.7778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1104 - acc: 0.7812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1089 - acc: 0.7823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.7823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.78121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1064 - acc: 0.78121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.78311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.78121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.77771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.77951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1054 - acc: 0.77871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.77961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.77961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.77891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.77361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.77011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.77331408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.77271413/1413 [==============================] - 8s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.7728     
Epoch 200/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1226 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.6719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.6875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7031 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.7063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.7135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7109 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.7222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7312 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.7665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7639 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.7615 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7641 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7619 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.7670 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7708 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.7792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.77921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.77831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.78121088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.78121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.78481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.78211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.77871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.77881248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.78211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.78441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.78731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.78871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.79221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.79261413/1413 [==============================] - 8s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7919     
 32/158 [=====>........................] - ETA: 0s 64/158 [===========>..................] - ETA: 0s 96/158 [=================>............] - ETA: 0s128/158 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s158/158 [==============================] - 0s     
[[  9.98284340e-01   2.07026204e-07   2.67289888e-05 ...,   3.38008704e-06
    1.10950077e-05   3.82343785e-07]
 [  5.76947459e-05   4.73157997e-04   5.02503372e-06 ...,   1.02063961e-04
    9.98012662e-01   3.42708081e-05]
 [  1.80091098e-04   2.18621921e-04   4.58733712e-06 ...,   1.27354055e-04
    9.98990238e-01   5.69121112e-05]
 ..., 
 [  3.47124226e-03   3.93954851e-03   5.96875045e-03 ...,   8.07450563e-02
    5.66845387e-02   8.46950233e-01]
 [  9.79982436e-01   2.39971268e-06   9.11656844e-06 ...,   5.13685336e-05
    1.94813926e-02   3.15669386e-05]
 [  3.54562071e-04   4.09429718e-04   6.82054906e-06 ...,   3.86835367e-04
    9.97648299e-01   2.62193353e-04]]
(158, 8)
Hamming Similarity 0.652953586498
