Using Theano backend.
==> loading glove
==> glove is loaded
utils.py::create_vector => 10002 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1000480 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100a02 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102engr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105degree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106206 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109a209a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109b209b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 10th19th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 112212 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 113213 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 11700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 123pubpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 129b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12r is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 131p is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 134a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 138a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 14001600 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 140a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 145b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a355a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 151251 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152252 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152w is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 153253 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 154athis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 160a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16151868 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 164089 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 165d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 170b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 177277 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17991837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18131837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 181655 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 182c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18301840s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 185b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 186165 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18641918 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1868present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 190f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192021 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192065 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1920iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19361939 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 194b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19591962 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 195c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1965present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196669 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196abc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 197577 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1d3d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200word is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 201314 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2013iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20152016 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20162017 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 212c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 217a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcenturies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stringed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 227a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 229x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 23123 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 232t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 236sethicsoc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24n is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 261h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 263h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 267b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 272h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 274h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 279h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 285h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2oc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31ab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 323h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 330605 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 354430 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 36of is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 3there is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 400000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 430550pm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 43143 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 44y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 45b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 480460 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4950 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4th15th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4unit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5001000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 52h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 6001500 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 70q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a1level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a2level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 750000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 82c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 95c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aacutelvaro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abcdnp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abdelkebir is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aboutdiscuss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abovethis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abstractionnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => achillesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionadventure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionangle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => activitynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actordirector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actualism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actup is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acuitymusicality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addictionsiquestboth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adimi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adventurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aestheticstylistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamericans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africancaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrocaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrohispanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropessimism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropolitanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agehave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ageold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agoiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aimeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => airsea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aketleystanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alandalus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alarabicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aldicircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aleramos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alienationreconciliation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aljahiz is missing
utils.py::create_vector => allocationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alloriginal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alqaida is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alrightquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ameacuterico is missing
utils.py::create_vector => americanborn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => amstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogiquesttoiquestdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ancientnbsppastoral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnenglish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnrevise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnsociocultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => animalattached is missing
utils.py::create_vector => answersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antialiasing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antifootbinding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiforeign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiglobilization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antijewish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antilynching is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antipsychiatryand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antislave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antisoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aotearoanew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => applyiquestgenocide is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => architeccts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archivallybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => areageology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arendts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arewere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aristotles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aroundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arthist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => articlesiquestmainly is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artisticnresponses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistpoet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artstudi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artworksnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ashburnhamensis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquestindia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiapacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiauspacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => assignmentsprojects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => athttpsoestanfordeducurrentstudentsedpprogramsacehtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atmosphereocean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomicscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomlight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => attitudequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencenna is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencesnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => auditiory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustannbspliterarynbsphistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => austrohungarian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorityand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autoethnographies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autresquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => avantgardes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awardwinning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awliyacirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aztlaacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bazins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beacutecquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beckettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => becquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beethoveniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beginneriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beingsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beliefsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bellatin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benefitcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benitezrojo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benthams is missing
utils.py::create_vector => betweennhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bhagavadgita is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bierds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biocore is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biohopk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biologging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biopotential is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biosignals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biotsavarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bismarcks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blazzaristanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blowsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boccaccios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bohmian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bolantildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boliacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bookquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => booksnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => borgess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bospbeijing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bottomquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brandatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brdf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brechts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brentons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => britain16401700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => broadlyiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brodskyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => businessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => buumlchner is missing
utils.py::create_vector => byzantiumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ca800 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caerquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caffreys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calculusbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calderoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => californiaprimarily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cancioacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cantoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cartierbresson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casanegra is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casestudy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casmurro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catch22 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catholicismprotestantism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ccrma is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cddrl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacuteline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cellcell is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centrury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuriesespecially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cervantess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaacutevez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chabros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changeproved is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changrae is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chariotracing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chashitsu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaudhuris is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinafocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquared is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chitliniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => choralorchestral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircndynasty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chreacutetien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianitynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => citystates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civicsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilizingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilmilitary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clariacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classanalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classhis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classicaltoquantum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classlat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classnnplease is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classroomand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleacutement is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleansingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clinicalcase is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clsoe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102engr155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme104engr155b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coachings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coalfired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coetzees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coldplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => colead is missing
utils.py::create_vector => collectionsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comedyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comingofage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationsmarketing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communistinduced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communitybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communityiquestthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexified is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comptuer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computablequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computeraided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerassisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computergenerated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computermediated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comtessa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concernsiquesttoday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concregravete is missing
utils.py::create_vector => condeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => confusionneach is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congressiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congshen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conservatisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => constitutionmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consttruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consumerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contentsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contestediquestby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => continuousdiscretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contourns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contractualist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conundrumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coregistration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corporationiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cortaacutezar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cosmicomics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefitrisk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cotaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterminal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coulombiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => counterchronological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countrieswhose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creativedesign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crichtons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crimina is missing
utils.py::create_vector => critiquesnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosscultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturalnphenomena is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossdisciplinary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosslisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossnational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosspollination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssectional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssections is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossstep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossvalidation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs107 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => csre is missing
utils.py::create_vector => culturesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cunninghambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => curtainquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cutoutcollage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cuttingedge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cyberspaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dafnazurstanfordedunknight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daliacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danceiquestthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dancermaster is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dangaremgba is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danteiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dariacuteo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darishyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darwall is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadriven is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datahas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daubigneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dbnatsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatenwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatesiquestat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadentism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadesnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deducer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepearth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepestheld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => definability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deformational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => democracyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => demystifiedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => departmentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => depoliticization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designplasticity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalphysical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalsignalprocessorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diquestarthurei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disasterprone is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinarity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discoverybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discussionbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discusthrower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diseaseassociated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => divideandconquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dlcl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doeblin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dolliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgically is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drexlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => droughtridden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drumsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dureacutee is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => earthiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eartraining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => easytouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecclestias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecomechanics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecosystembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => edisons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => editorinchief is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee101a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee108 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eessearthsys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => efficiencycost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => egyptomania is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eigensystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenyearolds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => einsteinpodolskyrosen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => elektronische is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eltit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => empirics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => endofthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => englishnnclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engrosses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => enlightenmentnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ensembleinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entertainmentanimated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entrylevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => environmentsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => episodesthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => epochdefining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eprtype is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equationsnsolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equianos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equivalen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eroticsexual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => essaywriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => esterhaacutezy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => etciquestpersist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnicracial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnohistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eulerlagrange is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerica is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eventsn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everchanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everexpanding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everpopular is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evershifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everythings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everywherestudios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evilquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => examinationon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exchangerateregime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => excludedn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exercisesprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => expressioniquestsounds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => facesaving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => factbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familiarizes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familynnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faradayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fardsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fashionminded is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fastmoving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faureacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faustusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fcpx is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feldshuhs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fellous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femininitymasculinity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feminities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => festivalquestions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fgss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fibersand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldexperiments is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmprod is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstyear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fivechapters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircneur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flavorsiquestaustere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => floatingpoint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => florences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fluiddynamic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fogelin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => formsiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => forprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fourday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp101 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp104 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => framebyframe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frameliterature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franccedilaise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franceiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => francoamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frayns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freebody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenchspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frequencydomain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmanlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenbeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fromnnnwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ftests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fugardkanintshona is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fulllength is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fumiyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futabatei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futureiquestdevelopment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => galicianportuguese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacuteshya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gatlato is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gauchet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gaussiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gehrigs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderbending is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gendering is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genrespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geoeconomic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geographys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geohazards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geophys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerdbsocsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanmeets is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gfw is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ghataks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => giftsthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => girondo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => glissant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globaliquestpostworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globalscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goacutemez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godotiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogarten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogols is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbarth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbegr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessoffit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => googleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goumldels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graciliano is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grandparentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grices is missing
utils.py::create_vector => groundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guelf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guimaratildees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haendels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hallacircj is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hamiltonjacobi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsiqueston is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handwrought is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hangucircl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happenedin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happilynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hardwon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => harmonizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hasiquestwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hausmarchen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haveniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hbrooksstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => healthrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heatbudget is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hebdige is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hegels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heideggers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterochrony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterosexualityhomosexuality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherngraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => highthroughput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hillslope is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hisher is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historiansiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history170 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history297f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history70a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historyfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hivaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hocirctel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => holderlin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeknowledges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homiles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => honoreacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hourquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hsiaohsien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpartsstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpbiochem118stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpccrmastanfordeducourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmath101stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordeduacademicslessonsignupshtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsocostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpssostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsstanfordboxcomstpwwqpl2ryxfty6stq8wo2j78fj06ikg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrcoursesadvancedpwrcourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrexplorenotationsciencewriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwarduinocc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedudeptundergradcgibindrupalpwradvancedpwr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedugroupssocgibinwordpressmemberlogin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hubmeier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanenvironment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanitys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humankinds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humannaturetechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humbio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => huntergatherer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperprotestant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hysterias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iaeneidi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iantigonei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibseniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichanges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichiyocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icommediai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icsii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idealsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ideasnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => identificationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idisgracei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idivine is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idraculai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iessaysi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ifaerie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iflor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => igoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihaltungi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihamletias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihimaeras is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iidylls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinfernoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinstitutes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iivanhoei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ijonathan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ikoumlrperkultur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilais is missing
utils.py::create_vector => illiquestcreated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilolitaimodern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginaries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginationnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imamyar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imanierai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immersionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immunodeficient is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imorte is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imperialsm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => improvisersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => includeshifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => independentlynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indiani is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigeneity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigenismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualcollectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indoeuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indomuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => industrystandard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inever is missing
utils.py::create_vector => informationclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inncomparative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inputoutput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructoriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructornnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalizing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intelligenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => interculturalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intermediateadvanced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internationalurbanizationorg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internshipstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intnlrel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intonational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => investigationi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestamericaniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestartfullyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestauthenticityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbioprogramiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbloodthirstiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestcasanovaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdangerous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdatavisualizationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdecoherenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteconomyiquestiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteviliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestfuzzyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestgame is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestguerrilla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestintellectualiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmaterialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmedievalismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmodernityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnaturaliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnewcomersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestothelloiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpardoning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestperformanceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestprovincialize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestraceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrevolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestschoolsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsciences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestseeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsports is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestwaiting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => irtheories is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ishiguros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => islamiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => isniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => israelipalestinian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => issuesaspects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itallang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => italyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itselfn3 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwithout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jacint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jailquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamesiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jancso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japaniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japanlng is missing
utils.py::create_vector => javabased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jazzensemble is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanjacques is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanluc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jesusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jewishamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jimeacutenez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joseacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => judeomaghrebi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juniorsenior is missing
utils.py::create_vector => justificationiquestin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlnger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlrgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kantiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kants is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kaouther is missing
utils.py::create_vector => karwai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennedyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kenzaburocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kephisodotos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kermackmckendrick is missing
utils.py::create_vector => keysquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kierkegaards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kincaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kindleare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kingsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => knighti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kokkinobaphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koreaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => korsgaard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koryocirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kosztolaacutenyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => krapps is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kripkes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kubricks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laborquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laiciteacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laldjeacuterie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lalitvakstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lamars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landresource is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landsliding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laozis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laplaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => late18th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latenineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latetwentieth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinaos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinidad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lawiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastnorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastsquares is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lectdisc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lecturelab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leistung is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lenini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lgbtqueer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberalismiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifeand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifechanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifenbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifennthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lightposts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lindsayabaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarycritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarysocial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lithologic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liveelectronics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => locavorism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => logicophilosophicus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longcherished is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longliving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longrun is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lookingltbrgtltbrgtnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => louisferdinand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => loumlwenheimskolem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lovefree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowcarbon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowtemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ludmer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => luthers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinemade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macondismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macroremains is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mademade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => magnetostatics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahashweta is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majoringminoring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsadmission is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsminors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => makebelieve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mallarmeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maloryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mansfieldi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manuscriptprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manyparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mariacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marieacutees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marketoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markingglazing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marloweiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => martiacuteshy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => massmedia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mastermusician is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mathbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => matsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maxwelliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meacutetissage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meddeb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediafrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediaintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediapolitics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mellac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => menchuacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mexicanorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mgtecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => michelsonmorley is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => micromechanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microprogramming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microtonality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid10th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid1940s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid20th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid80s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midnineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midtwentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindbody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minimumcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miniproject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minnesinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minoritymajority is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miseenscegravene is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mistrys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedrace is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedsignal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modalitylike is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modelinganalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moderata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moliegravere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monarchismrepublicanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moneycapital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monoprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => montaignes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moralityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moroccoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => morphologiesnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => motionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => msampe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mudimbe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multicollinearity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multileveled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multimediathe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multisensor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musiciquesteverything is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicsound is missing
utils.py::create_vector => muumlntzer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myjihad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myroniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythnnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythoepic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nabokovs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naciacutequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanocharacterization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanotechnologists is missing
utils.py::create_vector => narcostate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationaliquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationbuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationfocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natureculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naziinspired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbspdiscussions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbsplearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neardeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => negativesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nehamas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neighborsnnow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoconfucian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoromanticism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neutralityn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => newhive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nextgeneration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ngames is missing
utils.py::create_vector => niccolograve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nichecrafted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzche is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzsches is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nineteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nitery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nizacircm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nlearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nmost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnearlier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nninstructor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noigandresin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputabilityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonconsciously is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nondancern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noneuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmammalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmusic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnarrative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnormative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonperformers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonpid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonprobability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrenewability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrussians is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonscience is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonspecialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonstudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonvisual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => notforprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nottages is missing
utils.py::create_vector => novelsjm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowquotnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npainted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npcompleteness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nreadings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nrecommended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nsculptors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nselected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nwhy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectfigure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivesubjective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivitysubjectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocaseys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => occidenteries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocirce is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oednnwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ogai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oilpresses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oiquestconnor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oloixarac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => olynthos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onehour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onesided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onethird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onwurah is missing
utils.py::create_vector => opamp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openair is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => operashave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optionsnnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optogenetics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ordernwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationsnnnby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationssymphony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => othersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => overfamiliar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ownnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painleveacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paintersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paleoethnobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => panasianism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => parrhasios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => particleinabox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partnerdancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partsnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => passageiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pastoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patientdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pattiann is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peaeckeeping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peemail is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peerreviewed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peeving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peopleiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => perceivers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancecentered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => periclean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => persepective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pessoas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => philosophyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => physicalchemical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianoproficiency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianostring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => piglia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pippilotti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placemaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plancks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platetectonic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => playtexts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutarchn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutocirct is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetryimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pokeacutemon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => policyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => polisci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pompeiis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => popculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => populationcrowd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portablemiked is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portugals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => positivesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => post1976 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postapartheid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postboom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postcold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postenlightenment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postindependence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postiquestworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postmao is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postperformance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postpetrarchan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postreconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postromantic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsocialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => posttheistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwende is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwwii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => powersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicalnskills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practiceninterpretation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnncontact is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnnwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pre1990s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precapitalist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precirculated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precorequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => predigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => preinternet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prereq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prerequisiteconsent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presentday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presocratics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prevet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => primarially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => principalagent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prisonhalf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => privatelesson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problemsolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnnnour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnwelcome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => profitseeking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectionmapping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => propertya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => proprietarycontrolled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych141 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych60 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicationnnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicsector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => purseiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pushkins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarterlong is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteryear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queacutereacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queenei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queerlitfilmwordpresscom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quesions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => questiondoes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotadabquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotafrican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalternative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericansquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaround is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotassert is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotatelier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotauthorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotautobiographicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotawayquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbangclashquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbecome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbehind is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeurquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbig is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbipolarquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirtherquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotblack is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbonsaiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbroccoliquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcahier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcapitalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcasesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcentral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcheatingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchoose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchorusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotclassicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcrisis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdeconstructionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdemosquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdirectionalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdisorganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotendedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenormous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenvironmentquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotevil is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexistentialism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfinishedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfrackingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgangnam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgloballyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgood is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodnessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgraphicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotharmonyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothidden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothigh is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothighquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomelandquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanmadequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothysteriaquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoticons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotindifferent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinevitable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinfernoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinscribing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiron is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalianquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknowquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlaboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlenvers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotletter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliberalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlintellectuelquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliterary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlotquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmaqamatquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmechanicsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmexicannessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotminorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmuseum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnatural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotneuromarketingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonhumanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonplacesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotobjectivelyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoton is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotovercomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotphilosophicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacemakersquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplein is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpopularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpsychosisquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotqueeringquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreaderquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrelationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligiousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrevolutionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrhymesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotright is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrogue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrole is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotromanticquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecondgenerationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotshockingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsister is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsmartquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotspiritquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsweatshop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsystems is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotterroristsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheorizequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheres is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotto is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottraditionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottransgressionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottrembling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottruthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotturning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotunderdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuniversalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuseless is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvicious is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotviolencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvisitquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwho is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwinedark is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwisequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwomens is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotworkquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrenaissancequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => qushayricirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raceethnicity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rachilde is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racialethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racializations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racircbia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => radiooratorio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raduan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ramoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rauacutel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => readingwriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realismformalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reallife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reasoners is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recentand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reconceptualize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redemptioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redowa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reenrollment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reequilibrate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reflectiion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => refrigeratoriquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => regionality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativestate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionsecularism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => renaissancebodyprojectstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representediquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reqs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => requirednforms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => researchiquestbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => residencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resituating is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resynthesis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => returnquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => revolutioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rghts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => riefenstahls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rightnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rockforming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rodoreda is missing
utils.py::create_vector => roleplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rolliquestas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rosaliacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rubeacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rucircmicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rulequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => runi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruskiniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sacksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => safetyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salomeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salvajesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => samesex is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationillness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sapphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scegraveve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scenesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schaefferian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schimtt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schoolquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldingers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schultzastanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scientic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scoresiquestis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scottiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenwritingtelevision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sdcarterstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seasquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sebbar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondaty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondlargest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secularchristian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => securitydrawing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sefarad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfabsorbed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfaffirming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcomposure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconceptions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstitution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcultivation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdefinition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdetermination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdiscipline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioned is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfgovernance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfknowledge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selflabeling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnyou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selforganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfportrayal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrecognition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfregulation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfshaping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfstrengthening is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semicentennial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seminarstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => servicelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexgender is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexualrelationship is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakepeare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakespeareiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shidyaq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shimeis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortanswer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singersongwriters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singleparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singnnrequired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sinojapanese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => siteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sitespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => situationsprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skillsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skloots is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skorupski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skypeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slavetrade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sloughi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => smoa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => snailhorn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialbiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyhistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socioculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociospatial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociotechnological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socircsekis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => softwarehardware is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soilecosystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solarthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => someoneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songstorytelling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sopranosi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundsculptures is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sourceiquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spaceiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spatialization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => speechquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spenseriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spitzs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssosposne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stageof is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stateoftheart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stereoscopes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stopmotion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storiesmyths is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storymaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storytellingthat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strangersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strategiesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentconducted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentcurated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentdeveloped is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiesnnnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiobased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiotrained is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylewe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subgameperfect is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subjectiquestwill is missing
utils.py::create_vector => submittingapplication is missing
utils.py::create_vector => substantives is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subtend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sukiya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sulamicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => superposing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => surplusesdeficits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => switchedcapacitor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takehome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takijis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tapebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamtaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => technologyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tectonicvolcanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teenspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tenja is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tennysoniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tensionnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teoriacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => testimonio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => texasi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theaterstend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themaxmspjitter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themennstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thenafterlife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thennation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theorizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thermochemistry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thingsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkinginpractice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thoughtprovokingmaterial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thousandday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threepart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threequarters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thronesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thyselfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tiananmenthemed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tidepooling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedelay is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedependent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeenergy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timefrequency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timelapse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timesdays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeseries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tolerationist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tomaschevski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonbsptriumviral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonwork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => toolboxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => topiciquestdrones is missing
utils.py::create_vector => torberg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => totaltheater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traceiand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traditionnnnover is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transcreations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transidiomatic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => translationnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => troeltsch is missing
utils.py::create_vector => trouabdours is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truffauts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthinvolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tsitsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ttests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tununa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => turkeyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfirst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twohour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twolayered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twominute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twopart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twosided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twostep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twothirds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => typecastingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undergraduategraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => underpinningsnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undertakennnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upheavel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperdivision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upsidedown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usdevotees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usercentric is missing
utils.py::create_vector => useu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usfamily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleinclan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valueladen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valuesnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => variablesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => varmas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => velaacutezquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => veniceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vereini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vicariance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => videoaudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewpointsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewsnnguest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vikingsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencenonviolence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencequotan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => virgils is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visagravevis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visualnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vividlywritten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voiceleading is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voudou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vulgarium is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waitlist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => warnernin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waterrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => watershedscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wavespoyntingiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayfr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysanalytical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayscreative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysengaging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wealthpoverty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weatherfreshmen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => webbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wehtquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welfareenhancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welldocumented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellmanaged is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellsuited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wertmullers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westernnonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheeln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheelthrown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whitecollar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => willnread is missing
utils.py::create_vector => winwin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wittgensteins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wkb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womensso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wordsiquestare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => workstationbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldnew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldssources is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writinginthemajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wronging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => xxth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => yopougonquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zinniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zolas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inbetweenness is missing
[[[-0.27557     0.22854     0.1384     ..., -0.47996    -0.25113     0.36883   ]
  [-0.45381    -0.0073266   0.27498    ..., -0.32387    -0.25544    -0.19268   ]
  [-0.3617      0.059534   -0.21064    ...,  0.287       0.61058    -0.31347   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[ 0.12881011  0.80057177  0.86906268 ...,  0.34355695  0.34513585
    0.95927478]
  [ 0.096837   -0.35972    -0.17211    ..., -0.19025     0.11055     0.044465  ]
  [-0.25831     0.43644    -0.1138     ...,  0.081697   -0.0044191  -0.14102   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.38655    -0.34621    -0.49664    ..., -0.34414     0.10067    -0.017634  ]
  [-0.11741     0.13307    -0.19936    ...,  0.089595   -0.077056    0.074187  ]
  [-0.21555    -0.13316     0.18198    ..., -0.34705    -0.16459     0.29796   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 ..., 
 [[ 0.24471    -0.16719     0.099626   ..., -0.62319    -0.35169    -0.088778  ]
  [ 0.083096    0.052565    0.17864    ..., -0.049633    0.52222     0.52408   ]
  [ 0.15083    -0.394       0.27848    ..., -0.32175     0.58337     0.36878   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.19472     0.18836     0.11739    ..., -0.38294    -0.25358    -0.12843   ]
  [ 0.23947     0.28136     0.33209    ..., -0.33882     0.47715    -0.077103  ]
  [-0.40239    -0.0022291  -0.020036   ...,  0.21429     0.21021    -0.019233  ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.18416     0.42065     0.66224    ...,  0.4175     -0.032347   -0.6291    ]
  [ 0.061223    0.72227    -0.1896     ...,  0.18959    -0.02957    -0.56861   ]
  [ 0.14533     0.12262    -0.21671    ...,  0.25562    -0.0032642  -0.32747   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]]
[[ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 ..., 
 [ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]]
212
Epoch 1/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4832 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4595 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4559 - acc: 0.2812  128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4504 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4515 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4510 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4532 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4502 - acc: 0.3008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4429 - acc: 0.2917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4402 - acc: 0.2969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4507 - acc: 0.3040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4506 - acc: 0.3177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4484 - acc: 0.3125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4468 - acc: 0.3080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4445 - acc: 0.3167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4475 - acc: 0.3145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4474 - acc: 0.3199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4474 - acc: 0.3247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4466 - acc: 0.3224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4468 - acc: 0.3281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4456 - acc: 0.3289 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4444 - acc: 0.3267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4445 - acc: 0.3234 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4441 - acc: 0.3255 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4436 - acc: 0.3250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4418 - acc: 0.3257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4408 - acc: 0.3275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4393 - acc: 0.3292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4394 - acc: 0.3330 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4382 - acc: 0.3333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4375 - acc: 0.33571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4357 - acc: 0.33111056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4351 - acc: 0.33431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4339 - acc: 0.33271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4332 - acc: 0.33481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4333 - acc: 0.33421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4328 - acc: 0.33191216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4334 - acc: 0.33061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4325 - acc: 0.33011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4316 - acc: 0.33361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4312 - acc: 0.33161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4302 - acc: 0.33181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4300 - acc: 0.33141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4296 - acc: 0.33241413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4296 - acc: 0.3319     
Epoch 2/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4423 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4351 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4233 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.3229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.3267 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.3359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.3293 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.3147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.3125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.3051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.2812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2704 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2747 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2787 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2776 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2888 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.29231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.28811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.29071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.29141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.29291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.29171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.28721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.28781248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.28691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.28201344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.28571376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.28781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.29051413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2909     
Epoch 3/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4305 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4458 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4478 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4476 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4413 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4351 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4268 - acc: 0.3125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.3008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2637 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2684 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2812 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.2884 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2888 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.3021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.30341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.30271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.30301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.30331120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.30451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.30561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.30411216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.30761248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.30851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.31251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.31401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.31471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.31691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.31751413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3171     
Epoch 4/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4377 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4360 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4296 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4314 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4359 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4312 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4310 - acc: 0.2257 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4288 - acc: 0.2281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4275 - acc: 0.2443 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4260 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2668 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4257 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.2734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.2776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2812 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2679 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2628 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2609 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2591 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2587 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2560 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2523 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2511 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2489 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2479 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.25201024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.25591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.26231088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.26471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.26521152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.26481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.26521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.26971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.27241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.27591344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.28051376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28201413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2817     
Epoch 5/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3906 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3957 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.3477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4270 - acc: 0.3438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.3531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.3523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.3326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.3167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.3254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3092 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.3125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.3229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.3225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.3257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3310 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3304 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.3297 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.32261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.31451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.31821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.31621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.31701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.31511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.31501216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.31411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.30851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.30631312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.30181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.29841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.30011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.30041413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3001     
Epoch 6/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3917 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3943 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2411 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2361 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2159 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2214 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2115 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2143 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2109 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2132 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2014 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2105 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2188 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2259 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2310 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2331 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2308 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2326 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2321 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2295 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.22381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.21971056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.22161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.21781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.21431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.21351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.22131216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.22451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.22921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.23441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.23781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.24031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.24491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.24641413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2477     
Epoch 7/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.3409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.3271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2955 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3138 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3171 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3170 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.30951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.30761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.30021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.30151120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.30001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.30381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.30151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.30101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.30211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.30311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.30341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.30281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.30891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.31181413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3114     
Epoch 8/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.4010 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.3633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.3438 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3312 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3403 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3467 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3452 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3478 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3503 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3389 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3393 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3405 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3427 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.34171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.33891056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.33811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.33921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.33931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.33851184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.34211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.34701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.34701280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.34531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.34601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.34301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.34521408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.34161413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3404     
Epoch 9/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.1875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.1750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.1719 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.1830 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.1992 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.1944 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.1875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.1932 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.1849 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.1803 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.1830 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.1771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4258 - acc: 0.1777 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.1801 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.1806 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.1793 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.1766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4257 - acc: 0.1815 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.1847 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.1916 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.1901 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.1875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.1875 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.1910 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.1964 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.1950 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.1958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.19661024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.20121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.20641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.20861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.21611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.21961184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.22471216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.22701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.23241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.23671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.23931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.24401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.24561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.24861413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2491     
Epoch 10/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2701 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2559 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2574 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2552 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2533 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2437 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2381 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2429 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2378 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2435 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2464 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2512 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2545 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2586 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2583 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.26111024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.25781056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.25571088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.25741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.25711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.25351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.25591216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.25741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.25401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.25701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.26071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.26411376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.26671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27061413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2718     
Epoch 11/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3980 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3976 - acc: 0.3125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.3003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.3059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3084 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3138 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3161 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3171 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3170 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.3190 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3198 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.32361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.32231056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.32581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.32811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.32501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.32471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.32691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.32481248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.32851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.32661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.33001344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.33181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.33361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.33381413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3340     
Epoch 12/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3861 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3912 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3895 - acc: 0.4188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3914 - acc: 0.3906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3983 - acc: 0.3705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.3633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.3563 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.3594 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3477 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.3385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.3388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.3391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.3408 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3409 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.3329 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3398 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3377 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3460 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3470 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3490 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.34481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.34471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.34561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.34191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.34731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.34641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.35051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.34951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.34781280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.34531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.34221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.34231376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.34231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.34161413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3418     
Epoch 13/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3880 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.2188 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.2250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4000 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.1920 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.1719 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.1771 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.1750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.1818 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.1745 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.1707 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.1830 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.1896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2012 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2040 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2031 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2007 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2113 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2045 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2160 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2227 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.2300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.2320 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2326 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2433 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2468 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2573 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.25911024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.25881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.25761088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.25921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.26161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.26221184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.26101216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.25991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.25801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.25471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.25381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.25001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.24851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.24931413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2491     
Epoch 14/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.3021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2668 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2583 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2578 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2537 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2483 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2418 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2528 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2541 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2526 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2464 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2419 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2467 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2532 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.25711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.25681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.25661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.25461120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.25451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.24911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.24751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.24671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.24521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.24221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.24621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.25001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.26021408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.26141413/1413 [==============================] - 9s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2619     
Epoch 15/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.3688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.3715 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3778 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3776 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3726 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3638 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.3625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3594 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.3529 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3611 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3536 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3482 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3438 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3478 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3377 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3310 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3190 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.31151024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.31251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.30971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.30421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.30361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.30301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.30491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.30511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.30771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.30781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.31021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.31101376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.31101408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.31111413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3121    
Epoch 16/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4369 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4244 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.3219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2879  480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.3078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3182 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3179 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3177 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3162 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3125 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.31451024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.31251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.31531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.31531120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.31791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.31941184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.32011216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.32151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.32131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.32191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.31711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.31921376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.32271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.32031413/1413 [==============================] - 13s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3192    
Epoch 17/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4369 - acc: 0.1250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.1354 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.1250 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.1875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2396 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2528 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2701 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.2871  544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.2886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.3047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.3000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.3044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.29841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.29201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.28581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.28041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.27451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.27301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.27241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.26801312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.26521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.26561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.26671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.26851413/1413 [==============================] - 14s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2682    
Epoch 18/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4355 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.1938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2031 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.1875 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2031 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2326  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2528 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2572 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2500 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2441 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2445 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2483 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2484 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2381 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2429 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2391 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2396 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2320 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2361 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2422 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2500 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.25201024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.25781056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.25951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.26471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.26521152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.27081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.27361216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.27801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28051376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27981413/1413 [==============================] - 13s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2803    
Epoch 19/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.3359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3464  416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.3527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3477 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3493 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3507 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.3520 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3527 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3480 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3492 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3516 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3510 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3519 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3482 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3502 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3469 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.34581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.34381056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.34661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.34381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.34291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.34291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.34631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.34291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.34131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.34221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.33991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.33631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.33071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.32741413/1413 [==============================] - 13s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3270    
Epoch 20/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.1406  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.1562 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4274 - acc: 0.1562 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4318 - acc: 0.1375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4275 - acc: 0.1354 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.1384 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.1484 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.1458 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.1531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4244 - acc: 0.1676 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.1719 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.1731  448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.1696 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.1729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.1719 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.1710 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.1719 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.1678 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.1688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.1652 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.1690 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.1698 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.1706 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.1725 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.1755 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.1748 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.1752 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.1800 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.1812 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.17541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.17871056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.18181088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.17921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.18391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.19271184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.19931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.20391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.20591280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.20861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.21721344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.21801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.22091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.22231413/1413 [==============================] - 13s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2229    
Epoch 21/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4285 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.3125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.3056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3104  512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.3108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3080 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.3111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3185 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3218 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3248 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3254 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3281 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.32761024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.32911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.33141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.33361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.33211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.33251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.33191216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.33221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.33491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.33201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.33541344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.33631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.33651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.33591413/1413 [==============================] - 18s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3362    
Epoch 22/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3924 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3914 - acc: 0.3438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3957 - acc: 0.3348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.3320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.3281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.3466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.3490 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.3389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.3229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.3272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3318 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3370  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3346 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.3365 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3368 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3362 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.33871024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.33111056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.33051088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.33001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.33301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.33771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.34041216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.34131248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.34051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.33981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.34071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.34001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.33941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.33881413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3397    
Epoch 23/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4345 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4309 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4244 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.3750 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.3785 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.3781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.3778 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4244 - acc: 0.3750 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.3726 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.3683 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.3625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.3516 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4255 - acc: 0.3493 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.3420 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.3234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.3274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.3210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.3152  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3125 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3009 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.28121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.28221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.28301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.29111248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.29411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.29301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.29341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.29461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.29581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.29901413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2994    
Epoch 24/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4450 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4339 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3802 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3929 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3828 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.3819 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3722 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3724 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3750 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3772 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.3789 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3732 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3733 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3717 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3676 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3636 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3601  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3542 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3563 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3534 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3461 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3471 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3481 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.34381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.34081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.34281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.34381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.34291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.33851184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.33611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.33721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.33811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.33591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.33691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.33711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.33651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.33521413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3355    
Epoch 25/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4268 - acc: 0.1875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4323 - acc: 0.1875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4318 - acc: 0.1812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4407 - acc: 0.1562 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4355 - acc: 0.1786 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.1875 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4287 - acc: 0.2014 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4287 - acc: 0.1989 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4276 - acc: 0.1979 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4290 - acc: 0.1947 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4286 - acc: 0.1875 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4271 - acc: 0.1917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.1953 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4276 - acc: 0.1985 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.2031 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.1990 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.2047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.2083 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.2116 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.2133  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.2096 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2079 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2130 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2098 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2134 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.20971024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.21391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.22061088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.21781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.21701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.21881184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.22041216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.21961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.22121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.22341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.22561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.22841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.22891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.22801413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2293    
Epoch 26/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2305 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2273 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2422 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2344 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2324 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2316 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2240 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2171 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2173 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2131 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2092  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2044 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2062 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2091 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2072 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2042 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2058 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.19961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.19531056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.19981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.20131120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.20541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.20921184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.21451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.21791248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.22201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.22341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.22711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.23211376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.23181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.23441413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2357    
Epoch 27/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3980 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3982 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3957 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3931 - acc: 0.2812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2273 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2500 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.2849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3996 - acc: 0.2917 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.2878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.2991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3968 - acc: 0.3011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3963 - acc: 0.2935  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.2839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3990 - acc: 0.2825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.2837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.2759 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.2760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4001 - acc: 0.27821024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3989 - acc: 0.28911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3995 - acc: 0.28601088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4000 - acc: 0.28491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.28911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4000 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.28781248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.29091280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3982 - acc: 0.29191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3969 - acc: 0.29541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.29221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3964 - acc: 0.29401413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3968 - acc: 0.2930    
Epoch 28/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.3844 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3763 - acc: 0.3812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.3867 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.3924 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.3750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3852 - acc: 0.3835 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3837 - acc: 0.3750 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.3678 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3883 - acc: 0.3549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.3563 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3845 - acc: 0.3555 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3872 - acc: 0.3529 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3870 - acc: 0.3438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3864 - acc: 0.3438 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3852 - acc: 0.3438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3837 - acc: 0.3452 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3823 - acc: 0.3452 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.3478  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.3477 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.3438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.3438 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.3449 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.3426 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.3384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3812 - acc: 0.3365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3816 - acc: 0.33671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3812 - acc: 0.33501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.33621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.33641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.33041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.33421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.33611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3829 - acc: 0.33631248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.33811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.33831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.34301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3816 - acc: 0.34821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3816 - acc: 0.34741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3817 - acc: 0.35011413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.3503    
Epoch 29/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.3675 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.3490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.3571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.3672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.3715 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3700 - acc: 0.3531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.3551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.3516 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3709 - acc: 0.3534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.3393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.3496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3474 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.3455 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.3421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.3497 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.3480 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.3505  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.3451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.3538 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.3546 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.3530 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3640 - acc: 0.3583 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3638 - acc: 0.3556 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.3531 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.35281024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.35451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.35421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.35941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.35541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.35591184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.35561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.35611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.35981280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.36331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.36201344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.36461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.36561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.36651413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.3659    
Epoch 30/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3466 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.3854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.3616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3560 - acc: 0.3594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3599 - acc: 0.3681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3584 - acc: 0.3688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.3608 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3672 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3643 - acc: 0.3702 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.3683 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.3667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.3652 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.3621 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3611 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.3668 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.3703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.3780 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.3821 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3603 - acc: 0.3818  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3590 - acc: 0.3828 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3610 - acc: 0.3825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.3786 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3594 - acc: 0.3773 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.3772 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.3750 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3604 - acc: 0.3760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.37601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3604 - acc: 0.37601056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3611 - acc: 0.37881088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3618 - acc: 0.37781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3611 - acc: 0.37771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.38281184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.38511216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3603 - acc: 0.38651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.38621280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3585 - acc: 0.39141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3573 - acc: 0.39101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3571 - acc: 0.39211376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3573 - acc: 0.39101408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.39281413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.3928    
Epoch 31/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.3625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.3750 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.3945 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.3958 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.4000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4034 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.3932 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.3918 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.3862 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.4042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.3965 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.3952 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.3872 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.3931 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.3906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.3973 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3565 - acc: 0.3920 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.3899  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3565 - acc: 0.3867 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.3787 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.3786 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3547 - acc: 0.3866 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.3973 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.3976 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.4010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.39921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.40231056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.40151088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.40071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.40181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.40101184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.39951216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.39641248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.39901280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.40081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.40091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.40331376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.40121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.39911413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.3999    
Epoch 32/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4688 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4375 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.4500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4330 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.4180 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4132 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.4188 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.4205 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4245 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.4231 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4241 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4258 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4338 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4375 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4359 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.4422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.4360 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.4389 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4416 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4375 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4450  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4447 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4375 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4397 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4386 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4396 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.43951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.43851056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.43661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.43751120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.43931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.43491184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.43581216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.43341248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.43191280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.42811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.42841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.43011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.43241408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.43041413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.4317    
Epoch 33/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2973 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2835 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3025 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3080 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3154 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3229 - acc: 0.4643 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.4531 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3242 - acc: 0.4549 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.4562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.4545 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3231 - acc: 0.4557 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3256 - acc: 0.4495 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.4442 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.4479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.4395 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4265 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4340 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4359 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4375 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4361 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.4361  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4401 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4399 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.4387 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.4397 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4386 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4406 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.44151024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.44241056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.44601088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.44491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.44111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.44271184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.44091216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.44241248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.44631280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.44611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.44441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3254 - acc: 0.44271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3252 - acc: 0.44111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3254 - acc: 0.44111413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3259 - acc: 0.4402    
Epoch 34/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2989 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3000 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3020 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2987 - acc: 0.4219 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2923 - acc: 0.4437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3021 - acc: 0.4427 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3083 - acc: 0.4375 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3083 - acc: 0.4414 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3099 - acc: 0.4514 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3133 - acc: 0.4250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.4176 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.3214 - acc: 0.4141 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3200 - acc: 0.4255 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.3196 - acc: 0.4286 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.4333 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.4414 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3184 - acc: 0.4412 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3179 - acc: 0.4375 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3221 - acc: 0.4359 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.4375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3196 - acc: 0.4360 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3225 - acc: 0.4361 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3215 - acc: 0.4402  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3207 - acc: 0.4388 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3201 - acc: 0.4425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.4423 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3171 - acc: 0.4479 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.4509 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.4504 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.4531 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.45871024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3158 - acc: 0.45311056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3165 - acc: 0.45171088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3185 - acc: 0.44851120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.44551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.45401184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.45951216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.46221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.46391280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3153 - acc: 0.46641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3150 - acc: 0.46721344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3155 - acc: 0.46581376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3155 - acc: 0.46581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.46241413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.4628    
Epoch 35/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.2950 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2913 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2906 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2847 - acc: 0.4844 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2820 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2811 - acc: 0.4948 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2769 - acc: 0.5223 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2772 - acc: 0.5234 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2901 - acc: 0.5139 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2982 - acc: 0.4938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2950 - acc: 0.4972 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2921 - acc: 0.5156 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2955 - acc: 0.5120 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2938 - acc: 0.5089 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2963 - acc: 0.4958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2977 - acc: 0.4902 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2958 - acc: 0.4908 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2964 - acc: 0.4844 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3000 - acc: 0.4786 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3007 - acc: 0.4813 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3030 - acc: 0.4777 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3039 - acc: 0.4773 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3040 - acc: 0.4769  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3055 - acc: 0.4727 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3061 - acc: 0.4675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3053 - acc: 0.4651 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3056 - acc: 0.4618 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3070 - acc: 0.4576 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3062 - acc: 0.4634 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3069 - acc: 0.4615 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3061 - acc: 0.46571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3042 - acc: 0.47271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3021 - acc: 0.47541088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3021 - acc: 0.47981120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3036 - acc: 0.47681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3036 - acc: 0.47831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3051 - acc: 0.47381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3061 - acc: 0.47201248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3056 - acc: 0.47361280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3071 - acc: 0.47191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3060 - acc: 0.47331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3066 - acc: 0.47021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3059 - acc: 0.47171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3056 - acc: 0.47301413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.3058 - acc: 0.4735    
Epoch 36/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.2655 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2862 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2665 - acc: 0.6042 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3005 - acc: 0.5703 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3005 - acc: 0.5500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3036 - acc: 0.5365 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2978 - acc: 0.5402 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2925 - acc: 0.5195 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2935 - acc: 0.5243 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2930 - acc: 0.5281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2917 - acc: 0.5369 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2912 - acc: 0.5312 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2909 - acc: 0.5288 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2892 - acc: 0.5312 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2889 - acc: 0.5250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2899 - acc: 0.5293 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2891 - acc: 0.5221 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2877 - acc: 0.5226 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2882 - acc: 0.5197 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2875 - acc: 0.5188 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2865 - acc: 0.5238 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2863 - acc: 0.5284 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2848 - acc: 0.5272  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2862 - acc: 0.5221 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2845 - acc: 0.5238 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2841 - acc: 0.5252 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2831 - acc: 0.5255 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2824 - acc: 0.5279 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2839 - acc: 0.5259 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2851 - acc: 0.5219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2850 - acc: 0.52421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2853 - acc: 0.52341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2869 - acc: 0.52181088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2872 - acc: 0.52211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2880 - acc: 0.52411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2870 - acc: 0.52691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2878 - acc: 0.52531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2888 - acc: 0.52301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2882 - acc: 0.52481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2891 - acc: 0.52421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2886 - acc: 0.52441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2896 - acc: 0.52381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2891 - acc: 0.52621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2898 - acc: 0.52631413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2896 - acc: 0.5265    
Epoch 37/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2701 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2927 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3013 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3039 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2958 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2933 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2944 - acc: 0.4866 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2913 - acc: 0.4922 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2963 - acc: 0.4757 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2946 - acc: 0.4844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2906 - acc: 0.4830 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2916 - acc: 0.4896 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2910 - acc: 0.4928 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2900 - acc: 0.4933 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2880 - acc: 0.5000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2881 - acc: 0.5059 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2859 - acc: 0.5055 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2861 - acc: 0.5069 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2879 - acc: 0.5049 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2850 - acc: 0.5156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2856 - acc: 0.5149 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2857 - acc: 0.5199 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2863 - acc: 0.5190  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2856 - acc: 0.5221 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2849 - acc: 0.5250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2857 - acc: 0.5264 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2850 - acc: 0.5301 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2832 - acc: 0.5335 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2829 - acc: 0.5388 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2821 - acc: 0.5437 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2819 - acc: 0.54641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2808 - acc: 0.54591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2814 - acc: 0.54451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2801 - acc: 0.54691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2793 - acc: 0.54461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2785 - acc: 0.54601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2787 - acc: 0.54311216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2782 - acc: 0.54441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2780 - acc: 0.54251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2786 - acc: 0.54221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2786 - acc: 0.54121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2784 - acc: 0.54171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2789 - acc: 0.53851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2797 - acc: 0.53761413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2794 - acc: 0.5379    
Epoch 38/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3222 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.5312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3112 - acc: 0.5469 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.3091 - acc: 0.5402 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.3056 - acc: 0.5391 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2998 - acc: 0.5347 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2953 - acc: 0.5406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2957 - acc: 0.5455 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2929 - acc: 0.5573 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2914 - acc: 0.5481 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2905 - acc: 0.5424 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2872 - acc: 0.5458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2824 - acc: 0.5449 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2833 - acc: 0.5478 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2814 - acc: 0.5486 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2801 - acc: 0.5543 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2789 - acc: 0.5547 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2752 - acc: 0.5580 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2756 - acc: 0.5540 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2748 - acc: 0.5516 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2773 - acc: 0.5469 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2787 - acc: 0.5475  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2793 - acc: 0.5469 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2778 - acc: 0.5521 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2778 - acc: 0.5525 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2786 - acc: 0.5496 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2761 - acc: 0.5563 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2772 - acc: 0.55541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2765 - acc: 0.55661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2775 - acc: 0.55401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2772 - acc: 0.55611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2777 - acc: 0.55451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2768 - acc: 0.55561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2748 - acc: 0.56081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2740 - acc: 0.56331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2730 - acc: 0.56331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2733 - acc: 0.55781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2721 - acc: 0.56101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2717 - acc: 0.56251376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2715 - acc: 0.56321408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2707 - acc: 0.56321413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.2705 - acc: 0.5640    
Epoch 39/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.2953 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2841 - acc: 0.6719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2840 - acc: 0.6354 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2645 - acc: 0.6641 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2876 - acc: 0.6188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2865 - acc: 0.5990 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2828 - acc: 0.6071 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2857 - acc: 0.5977 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2840 - acc: 0.6007 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2832 - acc: 0.5969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2869 - acc: 0.5795 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2874 - acc: 0.5781 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2886 - acc: 0.5769 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2875 - acc: 0.5759 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2858 - acc: 0.5771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2846 - acc: 0.5781 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2836 - acc: 0.5754 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2825 - acc: 0.5712 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2797 - acc: 0.5757 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2774 - acc: 0.5781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2740 - acc: 0.5833 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2731 - acc: 0.5824 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2716 - acc: 0.5856  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2721 - acc: 0.5833 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2709 - acc: 0.5887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2696 - acc: 0.5938 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2685 - acc: 0.5914 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2690 - acc: 0.5871 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2708 - acc: 0.5830 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2723 - acc: 0.5802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2713 - acc: 0.58471024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2709 - acc: 0.58591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2704 - acc: 0.58431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2715 - acc: 0.58181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2704 - acc: 0.58301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2702 - acc: 0.57901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2694 - acc: 0.57771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2696 - acc: 0.57891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2681 - acc: 0.57851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2684 - acc: 0.57581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2679 - acc: 0.57621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2681 - acc: 0.57661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2673 - acc: 0.57921408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2676 - acc: 0.58031413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2674 - acc: 0.5803    
Epoch 40/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2232 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2503 - acc: 0.5781  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2503 - acc: 0.6042 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2588 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2606 - acc: 0.5625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2606 - acc: 0.5625 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2585 - acc: 0.5491 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2598 - acc: 0.5586 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2595 - acc: 0.5625 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2598 - acc: 0.5594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2627 - acc: 0.5511 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2626 - acc: 0.5521 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2623 - acc: 0.5505 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2608 - acc: 0.5536 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2621 - acc: 0.5563 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2585 - acc: 0.5703 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2577 - acc: 0.5680 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2574 - acc: 0.5694 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2546 - acc: 0.5740 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2556 - acc: 0.5750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2547 - acc: 0.5759 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2548 - acc: 0.5739 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2550 - acc: 0.5720  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2557 - acc: 0.5768 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2568 - acc: 0.5687 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2575 - acc: 0.5673 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2587 - acc: 0.5602 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2593 - acc: 0.5558 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2596 - acc: 0.5593 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2588 - acc: 0.5615 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2590 - acc: 0.56351024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2570 - acc: 0.56931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2575 - acc: 0.57101088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2572 - acc: 0.57171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2572 - acc: 0.57051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2557 - acc: 0.57121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2551 - acc: 0.56841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2550 - acc: 0.56911248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2544 - acc: 0.57291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2550 - acc: 0.57111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2547 - acc: 0.57241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2546 - acc: 0.57371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2547 - acc: 0.57491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2541 - acc: 0.57811413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2541 - acc: 0.5782    
Epoch 41/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2612 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2881 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2822 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2702 - acc: 0.5625 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2540 - acc: 0.5938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2427 - acc: 0.6042 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2428 - acc: 0.5982 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2383 - acc: 0.6094 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2425 - acc: 0.5938 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2484 - acc: 0.5875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2451 - acc: 0.5852 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2435 - acc: 0.5859 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2424 - acc: 0.5889 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2426 - acc: 0.5982 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2396 - acc: 0.6021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2405 - acc: 0.6055 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2405 - acc: 0.6066 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2446 - acc: 0.5938 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2449 - acc: 0.5888 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2446 - acc: 0.5875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2465 - acc: 0.5833 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2454 - acc: 0.5838 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2462 - acc: 0.5842  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2454 - acc: 0.5885 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2444 - acc: 0.5925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2463 - acc: 0.5925 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2457 - acc: 0.5949 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2459 - acc: 0.5938 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2451 - acc: 0.5959 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2448 - acc: 0.5958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2453 - acc: 0.59271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2454 - acc: 0.59571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2449 - acc: 0.59561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2452 - acc: 0.59471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2444 - acc: 0.59381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2454 - acc: 0.59461184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2454 - acc: 0.59541216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2452 - acc: 0.59701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2456 - acc: 0.59541280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2471 - acc: 0.59451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2480 - acc: 0.59531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2475 - acc: 0.59671376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2491 - acc: 0.59231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2497 - acc: 0.59451413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2493 - acc: 0.5952    
Epoch 42/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.2487 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2753 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2634 - acc: 0.5521 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2464 - acc: 0.5781 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2493 - acc: 0.5625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2533 - acc: 0.5729 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2424 - acc: 0.5848 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2458 - acc: 0.5781 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2437 - acc: 0.5938 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2409 - acc: 0.6000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2407 - acc: 0.6080 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2444 - acc: 0.6068 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2455 - acc: 0.6082 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2412 - acc: 0.6183 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2433 - acc: 0.6125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2401 - acc: 0.6191 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2420 - acc: 0.6121 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2423 - acc: 0.6094 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2407 - acc: 0.6151 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2412 - acc: 0.6172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2430 - acc: 0.6161 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2416 - acc: 0.6136 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2414 - acc: 0.6141  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2423 - acc: 0.6094 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2412 - acc: 0.6150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2403 - acc: 0.6142 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2402 - acc: 0.6169 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2402 - acc: 0.6138 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2399 - acc: 0.6175 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2401 - acc: 0.6146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2400 - acc: 0.61491024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2401 - acc: 0.61331056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2414 - acc: 0.61271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2415 - acc: 0.61311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2410 - acc: 0.61341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2406 - acc: 0.61201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2420 - acc: 0.60901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2420 - acc: 0.60771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2412 - acc: 0.60981280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2406 - acc: 0.61091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2402 - acc: 0.61131344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2389 - acc: 0.61461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2380 - acc: 0.61481408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2361 - acc: 0.61931413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2368 - acc: 0.6171    
Epoch 43/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1870 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1914 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2160 - acc: 0.6562 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2141 - acc: 0.6719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2062 - acc: 0.7063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2207 - acc: 0.6719 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2176 - acc: 0.6830 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2165 - acc: 0.6992 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2135 - acc: 0.6944 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2200 - acc: 0.6875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2212 - acc: 0.6705 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2256 - acc: 0.6615 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2276 - acc: 0.6611 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2286 - acc: 0.6496 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2261 - acc: 0.6521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2288 - acc: 0.6465 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2310 - acc: 0.6379 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2294 - acc: 0.6424 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2278 - acc: 0.6414 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2262 - acc: 0.6375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2282 - acc: 0.6384 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2241 - acc: 0.6435 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2227 - acc: 0.6454  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2252 - acc: 0.6419 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2259 - acc: 0.6438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2265 - acc: 0.6406 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2287 - acc: 0.6400 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2293 - acc: 0.6362 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2278 - acc: 0.6390 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2302 - acc: 0.6323 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2317 - acc: 0.63101024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2309 - acc: 0.63091056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2334 - acc: 0.62971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2335 - acc: 0.62961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2347 - acc: 0.62231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2347 - acc: 0.62151184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2340 - acc: 0.62251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2331 - acc: 0.62421248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2343 - acc: 0.62261280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2331 - acc: 0.62191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2330 - acc: 0.62351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2317 - acc: 0.62281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2308 - acc: 0.62571408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2314 - acc: 0.62501413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2315 - acc: 0.6249    
Epoch 44/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.2190 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1960 - acc: 0.6875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2134 - acc: 0.6562 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2016 - acc: 0.6641 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2063 - acc: 0.6562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2077 - acc: 0.6771 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2105 - acc: 0.6607 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2074 - acc: 0.6562 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2141 - acc: 0.6458 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2119 - acc: 0.6562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2086 - acc: 0.6562 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2082 - acc: 0.6536 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2114 - acc: 0.6490 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2105 - acc: 0.6473 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2158 - acc: 0.6479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2143 - acc: 0.6426 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2128 - acc: 0.6471 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2108 - acc: 0.6545 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2119 - acc: 0.6497 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2112 - acc: 0.6516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2139 - acc: 0.6518 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2133 - acc: 0.6534 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2149 - acc: 0.6562  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2146 - acc: 0.6549 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2162 - acc: 0.6525 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2173 - acc: 0.6538 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2163 - acc: 0.6562 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2160 - acc: 0.6562 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2169 - acc: 0.6519 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2151 - acc: 0.6521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2145 - acc: 0.65121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2165 - acc: 0.65041056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2177 - acc: 0.64961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2171 - acc: 0.64891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2163 - acc: 0.64821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2172 - acc: 0.64761184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2176 - acc: 0.64781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2183 - acc: 0.64721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2165 - acc: 0.65061280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2162 - acc: 0.64841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2161 - acc: 0.64941344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2168 - acc: 0.64661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2177 - acc: 0.64391408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2175 - acc: 0.64351413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2176 - acc: 0.6433    
Epoch 45/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2240 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1986 - acc: 0.6406  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1921 - acc: 0.6875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1951 - acc: 0.7188 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2154 - acc: 0.6687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2113 - acc: 0.6667 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2123 - acc: 0.6696 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2072 - acc: 0.6758 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2030 - acc: 0.6910 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2023 - acc: 0.6875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2012 - acc: 0.6847 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2024 - acc: 0.6953 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1988 - acc: 0.6971 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1971 - acc: 0.7009 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2026 - acc: 0.6792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2028 - acc: 0.6797 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2055 - acc: 0.6801 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2073 - acc: 0.6753 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2083 - acc: 0.6661 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2085 - acc: 0.6687 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2079 - acc: 0.6682 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2046 - acc: 0.6705 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2030 - acc: 0.6698  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2047 - acc: 0.6602 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2045 - acc: 0.6587 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2064 - acc: 0.6587 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2062 - acc: 0.6586 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2055 - acc: 0.6562 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2059 - acc: 0.6584 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2055 - acc: 0.6583 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2048 - acc: 0.66031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2055 - acc: 0.66111056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2048 - acc: 0.66481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2054 - acc: 0.66361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2044 - acc: 0.66341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2037 - acc: 0.66841184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2036 - acc: 0.66641216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2033 - acc: 0.66691248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2033 - acc: 0.66751280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2034 - acc: 0.66561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2029 - acc: 0.66691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2033 - acc: 0.66521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2037 - acc: 0.66351408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2048 - acc: 0.66121413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2049 - acc: 0.6617    
Epoch 46/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2586 - acc: 0.6094  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2248 - acc: 0.6354 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2074 - acc: 0.6562 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2126 - acc: 0.6312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2062 - acc: 0.6354 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2090 - acc: 0.6295 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.2042 - acc: 0.6445 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2076 - acc: 0.6285 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.2061 - acc: 0.6344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2076 - acc: 0.6278 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.2159 - acc: 0.6120 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2172 - acc: 0.6082 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2135 - acc: 0.6183 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2168 - acc: 0.6146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.2151 - acc: 0.6289 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2141 - acc: 0.6342 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.2151 - acc: 0.6302 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2119 - acc: 0.6398 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2091 - acc: 0.6422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2087 - acc: 0.6473 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2077 - acc: 0.6420 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2086 - acc: 0.6399  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2068 - acc: 0.6471 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2082 - acc: 0.6425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2067 - acc: 0.6478 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2040 - acc: 0.6516 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2045 - acc: 0.6507 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.2032 - acc: 0.6562 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2024 - acc: 0.6594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.2010 - acc: 0.66131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2008 - acc: 0.65921056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.2007 - acc: 0.66001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2015 - acc: 0.66181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.2028 - acc: 0.66071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2038 - acc: 0.65711184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.2060 - acc: 0.65371216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2073 - acc: 0.65051248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.2071 - acc: 0.65221280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2068 - acc: 0.65471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2067 - acc: 0.65401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.2052 - acc: 0.65621376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2050 - acc: 0.65701408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.2049 - acc: 0.65621413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.2047 - acc: 0.6561    
Epoch 47/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1728 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1839 - acc: 0.6250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1741 - acc: 0.6875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1751 - acc: 0.7031 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1835 - acc: 0.6687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1814 - acc: 0.6979 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1766 - acc: 0.7054 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1773 - acc: 0.7148 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1736 - acc: 0.7292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1773 - acc: 0.7219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1747 - acc: 0.7159 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1732 - acc: 0.7161 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1688 - acc: 0.7212 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1721 - acc: 0.7188 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1727 - acc: 0.7208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1720 - acc: 0.7188 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1749 - acc: 0.7077 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1769 - acc: 0.6997 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1765 - acc: 0.6990 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1784 - acc: 0.6984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1788 - acc: 0.6964 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1807 - acc: 0.6946 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1826 - acc: 0.6929  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1819 - acc: 0.6888 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1820 - acc: 0.6925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1822 - acc: 0.6959 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1815 - acc: 0.6991 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1803 - acc: 0.6987 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1809 - acc: 0.6983 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1827 - acc: 0.6979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1837 - acc: 0.69461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1858 - acc: 0.69341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1871 - acc: 0.68941088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1878 - acc: 0.68661120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1902 - acc: 0.68211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1931 - acc: 0.67711184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1940 - acc: 0.67481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1930 - acc: 0.67851248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1935 - acc: 0.67711280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1945 - acc: 0.67661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1927 - acc: 0.68221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1938 - acc: 0.68231376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1929 - acc: 0.68531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1927 - acc: 0.68821413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1927 - acc: 0.6872    
Epoch 48/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1734 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1824 - acc: 0.6406  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1724 - acc: 0.6667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1579 - acc: 0.6875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1713 - acc: 0.6875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1725 - acc: 0.6771 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1737 - acc: 0.6607 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1796 - acc: 0.6445 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1834 - acc: 0.6389 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1958 - acc: 0.6156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1930 - acc: 0.6193 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1930 - acc: 0.6250 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.2002 - acc: 0.6178 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1983 - acc: 0.6317 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1938 - acc: 0.6375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1945 - acc: 0.6465 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1978 - acc: 0.6471 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1968 - acc: 0.6510 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1980 - acc: 0.6414 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1968 - acc: 0.6438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1978 - acc: 0.6443 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1979 - acc: 0.6449 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1965 - acc: 0.6413  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1951 - acc: 0.6484 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1949 - acc: 0.6512 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1950 - acc: 0.6514 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1956 - acc: 0.6528 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1925 - acc: 0.6607 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1930 - acc: 0.6638 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1928 - acc: 0.6667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1920 - acc: 0.66531024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1908 - acc: 0.66891056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1908 - acc: 0.66481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1921 - acc: 0.66821120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1918 - acc: 0.66701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1912 - acc: 0.67011184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1910 - acc: 0.67061216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1899 - acc: 0.67521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1894 - acc: 0.67791280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1899 - acc: 0.67811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1892 - acc: 0.67991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1897 - acc: 0.67781376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1888 - acc: 0.68171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1896 - acc: 0.68111413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1895 - acc: 0.6822    
Epoch 49/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.2275 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2083 - acc: 0.6562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2045 - acc: 0.6667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.2036 - acc: 0.6719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1924 - acc: 0.6875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1892 - acc: 0.6823 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1860 - acc: 0.6875 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1838 - acc: 0.6953 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1851 - acc: 0.6979 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1860 - acc: 0.6969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1871 - acc: 0.6818 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1832 - acc: 0.6953 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1856 - acc: 0.6923 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1830 - acc: 0.6942 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1811 - acc: 0.6937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1810 - acc: 0.6934 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1823 - acc: 0.6930 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1816 - acc: 0.6962 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1805 - acc: 0.6974 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1818 - acc: 0.6937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1819 - acc: 0.6949 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1812 - acc: 0.6974 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1802 - acc: 0.6970  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1833 - acc: 0.6966 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1823 - acc: 0.6975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1826 - acc: 0.6995 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1847 - acc: 0.6956 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1824 - acc: 0.6987 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1818 - acc: 0.6983 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1804 - acc: 0.6990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1788 - acc: 0.70261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1770 - acc: 0.70901056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1753 - acc: 0.71021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1743 - acc: 0.71421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1742 - acc: 0.71071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1747 - acc: 0.71011184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1734 - acc: 0.71541216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1731 - acc: 0.71461248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1732 - acc: 0.71311280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1733 - acc: 0.70861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1737 - acc: 0.70811344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1732 - acc: 0.70831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1740 - acc: 0.70711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1739 - acc: 0.70741413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1737 - acc: 0.7077    
Epoch 50/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1613 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1452 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1524 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1549 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1454 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1513 - acc: 0.7500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1597 - acc: 0.7455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1595 - acc: 0.7461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1614 - acc: 0.7431 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1607 - acc: 0.7375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1609 - acc: 0.7330 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1601 - acc: 0.7266 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1580 - acc: 0.7308 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1594 - acc: 0.7366 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1588 - acc: 0.7354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1598 - acc: 0.7344 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1605 - acc: 0.7243 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1633 - acc: 0.7292 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1614 - acc: 0.7270 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1627 - acc: 0.7281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1643 - acc: 0.7217 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1663 - acc: 0.7188 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1683 - acc: 0.7160  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1684 - acc: 0.7122 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1691 - acc: 0.7163 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1680 - acc: 0.7212 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1705 - acc: 0.7176 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1698 - acc: 0.7132 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1687 - acc: 0.7166 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1695 - acc: 0.7115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1698 - acc: 0.71571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1696 - acc: 0.71681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1696 - acc: 0.71781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1683 - acc: 0.72151120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1685 - acc: 0.71791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1686 - acc: 0.71701184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1694 - acc: 0.71281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1685 - acc: 0.71461248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1688 - acc: 0.71391280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1706 - acc: 0.71331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1697 - acc: 0.71491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1697 - acc: 0.71431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1691 - acc: 0.71511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1691 - acc: 0.71591413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1690 - acc: 0.7155    
Epoch 51/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2101 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1916 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1939 - acc: 0.7188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1744 - acc: 0.7188 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1774 - acc: 0.7250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1738 - acc: 0.7240 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1675 - acc: 0.7232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1697 - acc: 0.7109 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1686 - acc: 0.7049 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1704 - acc: 0.7031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1648 - acc: 0.7102 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1698 - acc: 0.7083 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1715 - acc: 0.7067 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1666 - acc: 0.7121 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1660 - acc: 0.7063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1700 - acc: 0.7031 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1684 - acc: 0.7077 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1695 - acc: 0.7101 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1682 - acc: 0.7138 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1686 - acc: 0.7094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1696 - acc: 0.7098 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1702 - acc: 0.7031 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1703 - acc: 0.7065  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1693 - acc: 0.7018 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1685 - acc: 0.7050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1679 - acc: 0.7043 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1673 - acc: 0.7060 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1662 - acc: 0.7076 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1668 - acc: 0.7080 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1657 - acc: 0.7073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1643 - acc: 0.70971024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1638 - acc: 0.71291056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1653 - acc: 0.71121088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1678 - acc: 0.70591120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1674 - acc: 0.70541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1674 - acc: 0.70401184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1661 - acc: 0.70521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1653 - acc: 0.70721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1644 - acc: 0.70911280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1637 - acc: 0.71091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1636 - acc: 0.71191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1634 - acc: 0.71281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1620 - acc: 0.71581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1623 - acc: 0.71731413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1621 - acc: 0.7176    
Epoch 52/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1503 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1987 - acc: 0.5781  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.2019 - acc: 0.5833 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1978 - acc: 0.5859 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1862 - acc: 0.6375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1924 - acc: 0.6615 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1942 - acc: 0.6518 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1847 - acc: 0.6719 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1831 - acc: 0.6840 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1774 - acc: 0.6969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1784 - acc: 0.6903 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1740 - acc: 0.6953 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1749 - acc: 0.6947 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1759 - acc: 0.7009 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1766 - acc: 0.6979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1738 - acc: 0.7012 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1735 - acc: 0.7022 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1726 - acc: 0.7135 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1704 - acc: 0.7122 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1699 - acc: 0.7141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1734 - acc: 0.7128 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1781 - acc: 0.7102 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1754 - acc: 0.7147  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1765 - acc: 0.7161 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1755 - acc: 0.7150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1769 - acc: 0.7139 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1778 - acc: 0.7118 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1765 - acc: 0.7143 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1762 - acc: 0.7155 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1768 - acc: 0.7135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1769 - acc: 0.71771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1763 - acc: 0.71581056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1753 - acc: 0.71781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1766 - acc: 0.71691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1760 - acc: 0.71881152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1765 - acc: 0.71881184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1754 - acc: 0.71961216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1753 - acc: 0.71711248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1748 - acc: 0.72121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1740 - acc: 0.72341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1742 - acc: 0.72331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1746 - acc: 0.72321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1734 - acc: 0.72531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1746 - acc: 0.72441413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1748 - acc: 0.7233    
Epoch 53/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 30s - loss: 0.1712 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 25s - loss: 0.1608 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1436 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1689 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1711 - acc: 0.7250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1666 - acc: 0.7344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1658 - acc: 0.7455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1623 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1608 - acc: 0.7569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1608 - acc: 0.7469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1584 - acc: 0.7472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1580 - acc: 0.7526 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1606 - acc: 0.7452 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1617 - acc: 0.7478 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1598 - acc: 0.7521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1610 - acc: 0.7422 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1584 - acc: 0.7445 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1566 - acc: 0.7500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1603 - acc: 0.7484 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1595 - acc: 0.7469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1591 - acc: 0.7470 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1631 - acc: 0.7386 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1659 - acc: 0.7296 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1653 - acc: 0.7305  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1641 - acc: 0.7362 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1634 - acc: 0.7380 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1636 - acc: 0.7396 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1652 - acc: 0.7355 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1645 - acc: 0.7381 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1649 - acc: 0.7385 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1656 - acc: 0.73891024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1646 - acc: 0.73831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1661 - acc: 0.73671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1653 - acc: 0.73811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1662 - acc: 0.74021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1660 - acc: 0.74221184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1660 - acc: 0.74661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1654 - acc: 0.74591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1651 - acc: 0.74761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1640 - acc: 0.74921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1631 - acc: 0.75081344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1630 - acc: 0.75001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1633 - acc: 0.74711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1634 - acc: 0.74791413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1633 - acc: 0.7481    
Epoch 54/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1820 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1711 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1731 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1651 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1719 - acc: 0.7375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1741 - acc: 0.7292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1661 - acc: 0.7411 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1674 - acc: 0.7383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1582 - acc: 0.7535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1562 - acc: 0.7531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1528 - acc: 0.7614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1526 - acc: 0.7422 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1481 - acc: 0.7524 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1472 - acc: 0.7567 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1489 - acc: 0.7562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1502 - acc: 0.7539 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1510 - acc: 0.7537 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1527 - acc: 0.7517 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1525 - acc: 0.7549 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1523 - acc: 0.7500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1535 - acc: 0.7500 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1525 - acc: 0.7557 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1555 - acc: 0.7554 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1543 - acc: 0.7513 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1534 - acc: 0.7462  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1521 - acc: 0.7500 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1517 - acc: 0.7512 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1516 - acc: 0.7511 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1520 - acc: 0.7489 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1506 - acc: 0.7521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1497 - acc: 0.75301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1491 - acc: 0.75591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1497 - acc: 0.75381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1494 - acc: 0.75461120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1494 - acc: 0.75361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1484 - acc: 0.75521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1464 - acc: 0.75931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1459 - acc: 0.75821248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1450 - acc: 0.75881280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1461 - acc: 0.75391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1465 - acc: 0.75461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1477 - acc: 0.74931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1487 - acc: 0.74781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1489 - acc: 0.74931413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1485 - acc: 0.7502    
Epoch 55/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1439 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1514 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1447 - acc: 0.7188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1363 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1418 - acc: 0.7500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1364 - acc: 0.7760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1352 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1342 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1345 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1305 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1346 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1368 - acc: 0.7839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1380 - acc: 0.7861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1390 - acc: 0.7790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1405 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1412 - acc: 0.7734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1414 - acc: 0.7629 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1449 - acc: 0.7604 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1445 - acc: 0.7615 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1472 - acc: 0.7547 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1451 - acc: 0.7604 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1441 - acc: 0.7656 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1432 - acc: 0.7636 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1433 - acc: 0.7682 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1420 - acc: 0.7700  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1432 - acc: 0.7704 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1420 - acc: 0.7766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1404 - acc: 0.7801 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1405 - acc: 0.7812 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1410 - acc: 0.7823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1413 - acc: 0.78121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1417 - acc: 0.77831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1416 - acc: 0.78031088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1431 - acc: 0.77761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1419 - acc: 0.77861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1424 - acc: 0.77521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1424 - acc: 0.77281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1437 - acc: 0.76811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1438 - acc: 0.76441280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1441 - acc: 0.76481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1440 - acc: 0.76371344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1438 - acc: 0.76341376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1432 - acc: 0.76451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1432 - acc: 0.76631413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1429 - acc: 0.7665    
Epoch 56/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1160 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1354 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1432 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1390 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1306 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1384 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1420 - acc: 0.7604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1408 - acc: 0.7625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1367 - acc: 0.7727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1411 - acc: 0.7708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1383 - acc: 0.7692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1378 - acc: 0.7656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1362 - acc: 0.7625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1316 - acc: 0.7715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1340 - acc: 0.7684 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1359 - acc: 0.7691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1362 - acc: 0.7648 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1367 - acc: 0.7688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1361 - acc: 0.7693 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1340 - acc: 0.7756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1363 - acc: 0.7677 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1357 - acc: 0.7708 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1357 - acc: 0.7675  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1357 - acc: 0.7656 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1363 - acc: 0.7650 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1370 - acc: 0.7645 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1350 - acc: 0.7683 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1358 - acc: 0.7656 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1356 - acc: 0.76611024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1361 - acc: 0.76561056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1373 - acc: 0.75951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1375 - acc: 0.76191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1375 - acc: 0.76431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1380 - acc: 0.76481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1371 - acc: 0.76941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1375 - acc: 0.76891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1369 - acc: 0.76921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1360 - acc: 0.77271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1349 - acc: 0.77521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1351 - acc: 0.77311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1358 - acc: 0.77111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1363 - acc: 0.77271413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1362 - acc: 0.7728    
Epoch 57/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1898 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.2031 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1786 - acc: 0.6250 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1637 - acc: 0.6797 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1630 - acc: 0.7063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1514 - acc: 0.7292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1478 - acc: 0.7277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1399 - acc: 0.7461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1420 - acc: 0.7396 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1404 - acc: 0.7438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1408 - acc: 0.7415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1362 - acc: 0.7500 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1339 - acc: 0.7572 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1341 - acc: 0.7567 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1322 - acc: 0.7625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1330 - acc: 0.7578 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.7537 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1324 - acc: 0.7639 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1329 - acc: 0.7632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1314 - acc: 0.7656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1316 - acc: 0.7634 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1331 - acc: 0.7599 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1340 - acc: 0.7568 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1350 - acc: 0.7591  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1346 - acc: 0.7612 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1348 - acc: 0.7608 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.7662 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1320 - acc: 0.7679 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1326 - acc: 0.7705 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.7667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1323 - acc: 0.77221024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.76951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1334 - acc: 0.76991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.76931120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1337 - acc: 0.76791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1353 - acc: 0.76561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1346 - acc: 0.76691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1341 - acc: 0.76891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1334 - acc: 0.77081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1352 - acc: 0.76881312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1351 - acc: 0.76831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1356 - acc: 0.76641376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1370 - acc: 0.76601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1378 - acc: 0.76071413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1378 - acc: 0.7608    
Epoch 58/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1728 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1704 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1565 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1347 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1309 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1319 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1302 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1259 - acc: 0.7969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1296 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1325 - acc: 0.7841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.7812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1310 - acc: 0.7764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1295 - acc: 0.7790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1292 - acc: 0.7833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1286 - acc: 0.7773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1268 - acc: 0.7794 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1278 - acc: 0.7708 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1257 - acc: 0.7780 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1264 - acc: 0.7766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1246 - acc: 0.7768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1237 - acc: 0.7770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1226 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1213 - acc: 0.7826 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.7850  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1231 - acc: 0.7764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1239 - acc: 0.7778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1245 - acc: 0.7734 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1244 - acc: 0.7759 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1255 - acc: 0.7760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1266 - acc: 0.77421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1252 - acc: 0.77731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1252 - acc: 0.77651088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1259 - acc: 0.77391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1270 - acc: 0.76881152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1281 - acc: 0.77171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1303 - acc: 0.76941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1305 - acc: 0.76641248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1319 - acc: 0.76361280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1327 - acc: 0.76411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1329 - acc: 0.76451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.76191376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1337 - acc: 0.76311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1337 - acc: 0.76351413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1333 - acc: 0.7643    
Epoch 59/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1767 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1584 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1491 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1555 - acc: 0.7266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1429 - acc: 0.7438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1513 - acc: 0.7240 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1504 - acc: 0.7321 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1460 - acc: 0.7500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1464 - acc: 0.7326 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1447 - acc: 0.7344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1406 - acc: 0.7472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1392 - acc: 0.7370 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1388 - acc: 0.7500 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1391 - acc: 0.7455 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1385 - acc: 0.7521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1372 - acc: 0.7480 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1373 - acc: 0.7445 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1339 - acc: 0.7483 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1348 - acc: 0.7516 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1371 - acc: 0.7438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1379 - acc: 0.7426 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1388 - acc: 0.7429 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1387 - acc: 0.7432 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1391 - acc: 0.7448 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1405 - acc: 0.7412  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1399 - acc: 0.7428 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1383 - acc: 0.7442 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1367 - acc: 0.7467 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1365 - acc: 0.7478 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1367 - acc: 0.7500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1371 - acc: 0.74601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1361 - acc: 0.75001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1361 - acc: 0.74911088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1348 - acc: 0.75091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1346 - acc: 0.75091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.75351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1331 - acc: 0.75341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1336 - acc: 0.75661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1329 - acc: 0.75561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1321 - acc: 0.75861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1310 - acc: 0.76071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1306 - acc: 0.76261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1303 - acc: 0.76381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1289 - acc: 0.76631413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1294 - acc: 0.7650    
Epoch 60/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1238 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1209 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1296 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1329 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1255 - acc: 0.7679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1247 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1245 - acc: 0.7562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1260 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.7682 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1266 - acc: 0.7644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1230 - acc: 0.7768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1250 - acc: 0.7688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1254 - acc: 0.7656 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1288 - acc: 0.7702 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1301 - acc: 0.7622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1298 - acc: 0.7632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1304 - acc: 0.7656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1294 - acc: 0.7679 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1276 - acc: 0.7727 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1284 - acc: 0.7717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1277 - acc: 0.7747 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1284 - acc: 0.7725  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1281 - acc: 0.7692 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1295 - acc: 0.7708 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1288 - acc: 0.7723 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1284 - acc: 0.7737 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1276 - acc: 0.7750 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1269 - acc: 0.77321024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1266 - acc: 0.77731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1266 - acc: 0.77461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1266 - acc: 0.77941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1265 - acc: 0.77591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1265 - acc: 0.77171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1272 - acc: 0.76861216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1272 - acc: 0.76641248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1280 - acc: 0.76521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1291 - acc: 0.76481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1287 - acc: 0.76451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1288 - acc: 0.76491376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1292 - acc: 0.76311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1293 - acc: 0.76421413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1294 - acc: 0.7636    
Epoch 61/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1285 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1510 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1556 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1523 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1505 - acc: 0.7438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1463 - acc: 0.7500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1488 - acc: 0.7321 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1440 - acc: 0.7539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1401 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1409 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1383 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1383 - acc: 0.7734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1380 - acc: 0.7716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1349 - acc: 0.7746 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1322 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1320 - acc: 0.7734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1288 - acc: 0.7794 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1293 - acc: 0.7795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1272 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1273 - acc: 0.7812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1284 - acc: 0.7842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1288 - acc: 0.7827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1259 - acc: 0.7867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1258 - acc: 0.7852  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.7837 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1255 - acc: 0.7812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1245 - acc: 0.7836 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1261 - acc: 0.7790 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1263 - acc: 0.7823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1259 - acc: 0.7781 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1248 - acc: 0.78021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1242 - acc: 0.78031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1221 - acc: 0.78501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1209 - acc: 0.78681120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1205 - acc: 0.78481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1206 - acc: 0.78731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.78381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.78451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1213 - acc: 0.78451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.78201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1212 - acc: 0.78351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.78421376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1221 - acc: 0.78201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1225 - acc: 0.77981413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1221 - acc: 0.7806    
Epoch 62/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1288 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1175 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1291 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1279 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.7656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1220 - acc: 0.7545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1179 - acc: 0.7500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1197 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1220 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1275 - acc: 0.7500 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1281 - acc: 0.7524 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1269 - acc: 0.7545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1280 - acc: 0.7521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1316 - acc: 0.7461 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1304 - acc: 0.7537 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1305 - acc: 0.7500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.7533 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1328 - acc: 0.7500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1321 - acc: 0.7574 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1318 - acc: 0.7585 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1321 - acc: 0.7568 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1310 - acc: 0.7591  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1302 - acc: 0.7600 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1293 - acc: 0.7620 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1302 - acc: 0.7593 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1285 - acc: 0.7600 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1269 - acc: 0.7672 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1273 - acc: 0.7646 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1263 - acc: 0.76511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.77051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1261 - acc: 0.76991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1254 - acc: 0.77211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1244 - acc: 0.77501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1237 - acc: 0.77691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1242 - acc: 0.77791216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1248 - acc: 0.77381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1240 - acc: 0.77481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1238 - acc: 0.77811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1233 - acc: 0.77741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1231 - acc: 0.77831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1236 - acc: 0.77621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1226 - acc: 0.77701413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1226 - acc: 0.7771    
Epoch 63/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1497 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1503 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1370 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1365 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1371 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1415 - acc: 0.7500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1422 - acc: 0.7545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1403 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1324 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1321 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1340 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1307 - acc: 0.7656 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1291 - acc: 0.7692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1284 - acc: 0.7656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1272 - acc: 0.7688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1234 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1251 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1247 - acc: 0.7760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1236 - acc: 0.7780 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1229 - acc: 0.7844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1216 - acc: 0.7827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1225 - acc: 0.7770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.7785 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1206 - acc: 0.7760  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1216 - acc: 0.7812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1220 - acc: 0.7764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.7801 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1210 - acc: 0.7801 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1202 - acc: 0.7845 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1193 - acc: 0.7844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.78731024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1201 - acc: 0.78421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1202 - acc: 0.78501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.78311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.77951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1198 - acc: 0.78211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1193 - acc: 0.78461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.78451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1180 - acc: 0.78691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1173 - acc: 0.78751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1173 - acc: 0.78731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1171 - acc: 0.78791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1182 - acc: 0.78851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1202 - acc: 0.78691413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.7870    
Epoch 64/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1351 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1472 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1646 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1686 - acc: 0.6953 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1516 - acc: 0.7250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1662 - acc: 0.7135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1577 - acc: 0.7232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1688 - acc: 0.6992 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1645 - acc: 0.7049 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1637 - acc: 0.7031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1602 - acc: 0.7017 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1536 - acc: 0.7109 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1520 - acc: 0.7139 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1521 - acc: 0.7143 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1487 - acc: 0.7167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1488 - acc: 0.7109 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1500 - acc: 0.7059 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1501 - acc: 0.7083 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1505 - acc: 0.7039 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1499 - acc: 0.7125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1510 - acc: 0.7068 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1511 - acc: 0.7088 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1510 - acc: 0.7038 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1496 - acc: 0.7057  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1489 - acc: 0.7037 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1483 - acc: 0.7103 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1485 - acc: 0.7083 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1467 - acc: 0.7121 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1466 - acc: 0.7134 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1503 - acc: 0.7042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1498 - acc: 0.70671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1491 - acc: 0.70801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1490 - acc: 0.70451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1479 - acc: 0.70591120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1485 - acc: 0.70631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1480 - acc: 0.70921184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1487 - acc: 0.70521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1475 - acc: 0.70721248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1479 - acc: 0.70431280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1471 - acc: 0.70551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1455 - acc: 0.71041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1443 - acc: 0.71061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1437 - acc: 0.71151408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1426 - acc: 0.71161413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1423 - acc: 0.7127    
Epoch 65/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1545 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1586 - acc: 0.5938  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1436 - acc: 0.6771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1335 - acc: 0.6953 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1334 - acc: 0.7000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1463 - acc: 0.6771 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1402 - acc: 0.6964 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1368 - acc: 0.6992 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1339 - acc: 0.7118 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1365 - acc: 0.7250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1413 - acc: 0.7131 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1381 - acc: 0.7292 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1362 - acc: 0.7404 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1310 - acc: 0.7522 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1309 - acc: 0.7479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1315 - acc: 0.7441 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1306 - acc: 0.7463 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1287 - acc: 0.7448 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1275 - acc: 0.7500 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1291 - acc: 0.7500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1278 - acc: 0.7500 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1267 - acc: 0.7486 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1249 - acc: 0.7527 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1234 - acc: 0.7565  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1229 - acc: 0.7550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1231 - acc: 0.7572 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1224 - acc: 0.7569 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1240 - acc: 0.7556 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1235 - acc: 0.7554 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1249 - acc: 0.7573 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1251 - acc: 0.75501024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1262 - acc: 0.75291056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.75471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1244 - acc: 0.75741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1246 - acc: 0.75541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1243 - acc: 0.75521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1238 - acc: 0.75171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1239 - acc: 0.74841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1238 - acc: 0.74841280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1227 - acc: 0.74921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1227 - acc: 0.75081344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1230 - acc: 0.74851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1240 - acc: 0.74561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1242 - acc: 0.74431413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1241 - acc: 0.7438    
Epoch 66/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1055 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1156 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1114 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1171 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1146 - acc: 0.7734 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1141 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.7841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1171 - acc: 0.7716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1143 - acc: 0.7857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.7875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1147 - acc: 0.7871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1189 - acc: 0.7849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1194 - acc: 0.7865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1196 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1189 - acc: 0.7828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1201 - acc: 0.7723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1198 - acc: 0.7741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1197 - acc: 0.7663 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1200 - acc: 0.7747  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1187 - acc: 0.7762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1182 - acc: 0.7728 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1172 - acc: 0.7731 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1185 - acc: 0.7701 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.7705 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1194 - acc: 0.7656 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1196 - acc: 0.76921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1176 - acc: 0.77151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1173 - acc: 0.77181088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1178 - acc: 0.76751120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1170 - acc: 0.76961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1163 - acc: 0.77341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.77361216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1145 - acc: 0.77141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1144 - acc: 0.77161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1132 - acc: 0.77341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.77671344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1118 - acc: 0.77981376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1121 - acc: 0.77691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1119 - acc: 0.78121413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1116 - acc: 0.7820    
Epoch 67/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1429 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1320 - acc: 0.6875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1446 - acc: 0.6562 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1502 - acc: 0.6797 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1440 - acc: 0.7063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1425 - acc: 0.7083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1360 - acc: 0.7188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1313 - acc: 0.7383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1284 - acc: 0.7292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.7469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.7585 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1222 - acc: 0.7396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1186 - acc: 0.7548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1184 - acc: 0.7545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1196 - acc: 0.7542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1198 - acc: 0.7559 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.7647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1165 - acc: 0.7639 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1172 - acc: 0.7632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1180 - acc: 0.7578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1166 - acc: 0.7604 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1168 - acc: 0.7628 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1160 - acc: 0.7677 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1152 - acc: 0.7721  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1152 - acc: 0.7688 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1166 - acc: 0.7716 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1165 - acc: 0.7685 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1146 - acc: 0.7723 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1147 - acc: 0.7705 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1153 - acc: 0.7667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.76411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1156 - acc: 0.76661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1156 - acc: 0.76991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1141 - acc: 0.77211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1147 - acc: 0.77411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1139 - acc: 0.77521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1140 - acc: 0.77621216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1130 - acc: 0.77551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1121 - acc: 0.77801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.77581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1120 - acc: 0.77901344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.77831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.78051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.78341413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.7834    
Epoch 68/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1211 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1119 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.7266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1369 - acc: 0.6937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1355 - acc: 0.7083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1273 - acc: 0.7232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1255 - acc: 0.7383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1212 - acc: 0.7500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1243 - acc: 0.7406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.7528 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1249 - acc: 0.7604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.7620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1207 - acc: 0.7656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1161 - acc: 0.7729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1163 - acc: 0.7773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1156 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1150 - acc: 0.7760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1131 - acc: 0.7763 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.7844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1099 - acc: 0.7872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7839  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.7913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1093 - acc: 0.7897 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.7917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1091 - acc: 0.7891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1103 - acc: 0.7899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.7917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1099 - acc: 0.79031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.79201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1103 - acc: 0.79171088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1101 - acc: 0.79041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1103 - acc: 0.78931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.79251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1101 - acc: 0.79051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.79191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1111 - acc: 0.78691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1111 - acc: 0.78981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1101 - acc: 0.79041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1094 - acc: 0.79321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1095 - acc: 0.79511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.79191413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1115 - acc: 0.7912    
Epoch 69/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1549 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1388 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1235 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1210 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1199 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1212 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1175 - acc: 0.7969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1162 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.7869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1133 - acc: 0.7760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1173 - acc: 0.7764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1138 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1171 - acc: 0.7771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1164 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1203 - acc: 0.7776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.7778 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1154 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1168 - acc: 0.7828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1159 - acc: 0.7872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1168 - acc: 0.7798 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1146 - acc: 0.7840 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1135 - acc: 0.7826  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1119 - acc: 0.7850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.7885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1098 - acc: 0.7917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7888 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.7896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.78831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.78811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.78981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1108 - acc: 0.79231120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1094 - acc: 0.79461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1091 - acc: 0.79771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1089 - acc: 0.79651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1085 - acc: 0.79771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.79571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.79611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.79571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1095 - acc: 0.79691376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1096 - acc: 0.79941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1099 - acc: 0.79691413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1103 - acc: 0.7955    
Epoch 70/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.7891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.7917 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.7875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.7812 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.7784 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1051 - acc: 0.7772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.7812  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1045 - acc: 0.7800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7801 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.7734 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.7726 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1071 - acc: 0.7656 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.76311024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1063 - acc: 0.76661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.76991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.76931120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.77231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1085 - acc: 0.76911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1087 - acc: 0.77111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.76971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.76921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.77341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.77521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1093 - acc: 0.77231376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1086 - acc: 0.77331408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1084 - acc: 0.77411413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1084 - acc: 0.7735    
Epoch 71/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1083 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1110 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.7991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.8063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.8008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.8056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.7984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.8006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.7898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.7891  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.7850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.7861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.7870 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.7902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.7920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.79841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0997 - acc: 0.79791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.79921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.79781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.79551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.79341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.79311216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.79361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.79651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.79771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.79651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.79391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.79511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.79331413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.7941    
Epoch 72/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.8264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.8324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.8051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.8016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.8051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.7997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.8043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.7969  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.8000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.7957 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1055 - acc: 0.79131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.79201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1059 - acc: 0.79261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1048 - acc: 0.79041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.79291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.79251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.79141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.79031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.79011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.79301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.79191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.79391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1040 - acc: 0.79291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.79191413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7912    
Epoch 73/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 26s - loss: 0.1387 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1129 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1178 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1227 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1189 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1191 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1187 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1180 - acc: 0.7750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1166 - acc: 0.7784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1120 - acc: 0.7865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1103 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.7902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.7833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1110 - acc: 0.7754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1185 - acc: 0.7610 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1188 - acc: 0.7622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1207 - acc: 0.7566 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1188 - acc: 0.7625 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1224 - acc: 0.7574 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1226 - acc: 0.7599 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1235 - acc: 0.7595 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.7643  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1213 - acc: 0.7625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1215 - acc: 0.7644 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1210 - acc: 0.7627 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1208 - acc: 0.7623 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7662 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1197 - acc: 0.7646 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1192 - acc: 0.76311024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1171 - acc: 0.76861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1168 - acc: 0.76991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1162 - acc: 0.77211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1150 - acc: 0.77591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1152 - acc: 0.77431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1155 - acc: 0.77531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1159 - acc: 0.77381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1172 - acc: 0.77321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.77731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1166 - acc: 0.77741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1158 - acc: 0.77831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.78121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1144 - acc: 0.78411413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1142 - acc: 0.7841    
Epoch 74/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1242 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1321 - acc: 0.7031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1267 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1183 - acc: 0.7188 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1175 - acc: 0.7250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1076 - acc: 0.7500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.7781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1089 - acc: 0.7578 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1086 - acc: 0.7572 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.7612 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1065 - acc: 0.7625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1069 - acc: 0.7617 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1073 - acc: 0.7592 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.7587 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7582 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.7562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1054 - acc: 0.7649 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.7685 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1052 - acc: 0.7677 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7708 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7662 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.7644  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1057 - acc: 0.7616 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1061 - acc: 0.7690 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7726 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.7781 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.78121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.78421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.77941088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.78031120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.78211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.78121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.78461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.78121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.78371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.77971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1033 - acc: 0.78201344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.78051376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.78121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1032 - acc: 0.78051413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7813    
Epoch 75/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1206 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.7830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7884 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.7812  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.7825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.7837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.7789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.7835 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7834 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.78231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.78421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.78031088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.78401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.78661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.78731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.78631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.78371248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.78691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.78591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.78281344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.78121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.78491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.78341413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7827    
Epoch 76/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1064 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1112 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1117 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.7781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1065 - acc: 0.7933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.7924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.7934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7911 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.7922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.7961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.7969  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1033 - acc: 0.7925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.7902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7845 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1061 - acc: 0.7823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.77821024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.77731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1063 - acc: 0.77941088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1052 - acc: 0.78311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1045 - acc: 0.78481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.78821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.79221216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.79191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.79251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.79061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.79121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.79391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.79431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.79401413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7941    
Epoch 77/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1065 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1110 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1111 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1112 - acc: 0.7500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1116 - acc: 0.7500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1123 - acc: 0.7500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1120 - acc: 0.7531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.7670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1077 - acc: 0.7656 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.7723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.7754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1016 - acc: 0.7778 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.7812 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.7783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.7855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7773  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.7740 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7708 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7690 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.7694 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.7688 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.77021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.77251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.76891088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.77021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.77411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.77261184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.77201216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.76811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.76761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1040 - acc: 0.76951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1040 - acc: 0.77131344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.77081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.77401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.77561413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7757    
Epoch 78/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1054 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7518 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.7552 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1065 - acc: 0.7533 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.7594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7642 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.7663  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7656 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.7675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7644 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7604 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.7623 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.7608 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7646 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.76411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1048 - acc: 0.76371056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1055 - acc: 0.76521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.76561120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.76431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.76561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1051 - acc: 0.76441216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1048 - acc: 0.76561248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.76681280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.76951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1034 - acc: 0.76981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.76791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.76821408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.76351413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.7622    
Epoch 79/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1210 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1180 - acc: 0.7634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1110 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.7812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1114 - acc: 0.7865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1091 - acc: 0.7837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1096 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1101 - acc: 0.7833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.7910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1073 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1046 - acc: 0.7882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.7908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.7852  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.7925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.7921 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7847 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7835 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.7812 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.7865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.78931024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.78711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.78981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.79501120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.79291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.79511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.79651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.79691248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.79491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.79451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.79341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.79241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.79221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.79331413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.7933    
Epoch 80/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.7862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.7842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7799  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.7775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7801 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.7835 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0997 - acc: 0.7771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.78231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.78031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.78031088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.78311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.78121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.78211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.78121216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.78371248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.78371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.78201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.78121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.78271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.78341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.78621413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.7863    
Epoch 81/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.7760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1059 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1140 - acc: 0.7578 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1162 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1128 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1109 - acc: 0.7812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1112 - acc: 0.7790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1085 - acc: 0.7896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.7910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1057 - acc: 0.7923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1045 - acc: 0.7934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7961 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.8031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.8006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.8040 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.7962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7995 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.8025  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.8029 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.8056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.8036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.8010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.80041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.80271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.80401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.80181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.79861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.80151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.79931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.79891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.80001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.79881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.79841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.79801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.79621413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7955    
Epoch 82/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.7996 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.7969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7961 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.7976 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.7982 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.8000  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.8009 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.8002 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.79641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.79981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.79831088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.79601120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.79551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.79771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.79731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.79521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.79891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.79841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.79731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.79841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.79721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.79761413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.7983    
Epoch 83/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.7933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.7857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.7812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.7862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7884 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.7891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7887  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7933 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7879 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0954 - acc: 0.79441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.79691056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.79731088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.79871120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.79371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.79081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.78721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.78541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.78451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.78751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.78351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.78201376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.78201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.78621413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.7870    
Epoch 84/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.7500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.7344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.7411 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1093 - acc: 0.7292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.7094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1131 - acc: 0.7216 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.7266 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.7308 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1135 - acc: 0.7277 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1161 - acc: 0.7229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1173 - acc: 0.7285 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1180 - acc: 0.7243 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1160 - acc: 0.7292 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1162 - acc: 0.7270 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1166 - acc: 0.7281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1166 - acc: 0.7366 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1179 - acc: 0.7315 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1172 - acc: 0.7364 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1179 - acc: 0.7383  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1188 - acc: 0.7388 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1183 - acc: 0.7416 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1181 - acc: 0.7396 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1163 - acc: 0.7455 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1155 - acc: 0.7500 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1151 - acc: 0.7469 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1137 - acc: 0.74901024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1135 - acc: 0.75001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1139 - acc: 0.75281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.75091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1144 - acc: 0.75001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1139 - acc: 0.75171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1142 - acc: 0.75171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1129 - acc: 0.75251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1117 - acc: 0.75641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1113 - acc: 0.75781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1109 - acc: 0.75841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1099 - acc: 0.75821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.76091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1082 - acc: 0.76211413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.7629    
Epoch 85/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1174 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1116 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1083 - acc: 0.7125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1116 - acc: 0.7292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1093 - acc: 0.7366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1122 - acc: 0.7227 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1102 - acc: 0.7292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1117 - acc: 0.7281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1091 - acc: 0.7358 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1070 - acc: 0.7422 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1086 - acc: 0.7404 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1086 - acc: 0.7411 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1075 - acc: 0.7438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1076 - acc: 0.7461 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1055 - acc: 0.7518 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7552 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7566 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.7578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1045 - acc: 0.7530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1054 - acc: 0.7486 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.7418 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1061 - acc: 0.7448  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1046 - acc: 0.7488 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7500 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1057 - acc: 0.7488 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1042 - acc: 0.7545 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7565 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.7583 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.75811024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.75981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.76141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.76291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.76431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.76651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.76521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.76731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.76841280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.76721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.76981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.76711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.76601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.76351413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.1016 - acc: 0.7636    
Epoch 86/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1194 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1242 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1143 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1078 - acc: 0.7679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1075 - acc: 0.7773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1097 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1118 - acc: 0.7750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1106 - acc: 0.7756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1095 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.7861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1075 - acc: 0.7812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.7812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1036 - acc: 0.7768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7784 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.7747 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.7788  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7801 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7790 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.7769 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.77921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.78121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.78221088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.78311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.78481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.78391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.78551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.78291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.78451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.78441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.78511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.78571376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.78421408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.78411413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7849    
Epoch 87/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0568 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.7500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1048 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1080 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1065 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1037 - acc: 0.7756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.7740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7684 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.7778 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7679 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7699 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7704 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7747 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.7638  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1011 - acc: 0.7668 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.7674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7623 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7662 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7688 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.76411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.76371056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.76421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.76561120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.76701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.76911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.76601216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.76641248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1033 - acc: 0.76521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1029 - acc: 0.76481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.76601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.76861376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.76741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.77061413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7693    
Epoch 88/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1126 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.7438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1056 - acc: 0.7472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7524 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.7567 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1009 - acc: 0.7676 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.7721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7743 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.7697 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.7703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.7723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.7699 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0996 - acc: 0.7690 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7682 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7712  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.7728 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.7766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7746 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.7780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.7833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.78431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.78611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.78221088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.77941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.77951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.78041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.78381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.78121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.78041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.78441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.78201344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.78121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.77831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.77981413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7799    
Epoch 89/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1033 - acc: 0.7695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.7526 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1084 - acc: 0.7428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1074 - acc: 0.7500 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.7562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1051 - acc: 0.7617 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1061 - acc: 0.7555 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.7535 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.7549 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.7578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7589 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1044 - acc: 0.7614 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7649 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.7695 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7725  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.7716 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1016 - acc: 0.7743 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7712 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7683 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.77021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1028 - acc: 0.76661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.76611088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.76651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.76701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.76651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.76771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.77061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.77001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.77271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.77441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.77681376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.77831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.77981413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.7799    
Epoch 90/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.8594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.8576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.8160 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.8141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.8210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.8151 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.8137  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.8089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.8056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.8036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.8050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.80441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.80371056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.80301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.79781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.79641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.79691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.79981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.79691248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.79651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0954 - acc: 0.79611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.79571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.79761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.79721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.79691413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.7976    
Epoch 91/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.7500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.7708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0957 - acc: 0.7557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7656 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.7740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.7679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.7688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.7760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.7714 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7699 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.7745 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7762  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7836 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.78931024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.78811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.79071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.79321120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.79461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.79251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.79051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.79031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.79011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.79451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.79571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.79391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.79511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.79331413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7933    
Epoch 92/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.7917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.8029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7873  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.7866 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.7865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.78731024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.79101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.78981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.79041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.78931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.79251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.79481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.79361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.79171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.79141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.78731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.78721376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.78921408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.78551413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7841    
Epoch 93/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1024 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.7991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8038 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8110 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.8086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.8063 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8053  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.8044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.8069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8071 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.8052 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.80751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.80371056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.80591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.80361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.80121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.80241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.80021248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.80211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.80081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.80181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.80131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.80451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.79971413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.8004    
Epoch 94/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1063 - acc: 0.7578 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1051 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1019 - acc: 0.7839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1048 - acc: 0.7656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.7729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.7812 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.7844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.7760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.7825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.7776  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.7824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7846 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0991 - acc: 0.7866 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.79131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.78911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.78981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.79321120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.79551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.79771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.79981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.80181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.80131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.80001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.79801344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.79761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.79801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.79831413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7976    
Epoch 95/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1105 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1087 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1091 - acc: 0.7688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1026 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.7679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.7854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.7937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.7926 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.7935 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.7917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.7945  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7969 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.79841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.79691056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.79551088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.79691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.79291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.79251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.79391216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.79441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.79731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.79691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.79571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.79911376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.79871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.79691413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7962    
Epoch 96/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.7946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.7906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.7887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.7880 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7933  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.7951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.7958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.7979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.79941024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.80081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.79601120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.79641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.79861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.79811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.79931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.79811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.79771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.80111344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.80131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.80091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.79901413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7983    
Epoch 97/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1464 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1341 - acc: 0.6250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1217 - acc: 0.6979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1195 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1186 - acc: 0.7312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1167 - acc: 0.7344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1134 - acc: 0.7277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1096 - acc: 0.7383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.7431 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1059 - acc: 0.7531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.7642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.7646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.7760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.7697 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.7703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7738 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.7756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7785 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7873  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.79131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.78911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.79071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.79041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.78841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.79171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.79051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.78781248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.79251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.78831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.78811344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.78941376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.79141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.79051413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7898    
Epoch 98/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1280 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1349 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1202 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1096 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1149 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1088 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1055 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1112 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1085 - acc: 0.7604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1058 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1031 - acc: 0.7784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.7734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1004 - acc: 0.7740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7746 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1022 - acc: 0.7715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7757 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7726 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.7747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1020 - acc: 0.7766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.7741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.7677 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.7682 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7716  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.7685 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7746 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.7760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.78021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.77931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.78221088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.78121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.77861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.77951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.78041216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.78121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.77961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.77811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.77971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.78121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.78121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.78271413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.7834    
Epoch 99/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1450 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1336 - acc: 0.7188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1190 - acc: 0.7396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1161 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1095 - acc: 0.7438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1027 - acc: 0.7448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.7461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1006 - acc: 0.7500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.7500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.7656 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0938 - acc: 0.7746 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.7845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.7784 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0934 - acc: 0.7839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.7825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7837  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7845 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.78331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.78421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.78601088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.78861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.79371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.79081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.79221216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.79611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.79251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.79061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.78281344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.78351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.78631408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.78621413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7863    
Epoch 100/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0942 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.8043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.7937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.7917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1060 - acc: 0.7898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.7921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.7930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1070 - acc: 0.7975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1086 - acc: 0.7933  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.1100 - acc: 0.7928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1116 - acc: 0.7891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1110 - acc: 0.7909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.1099 - acc: 0.7937 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1086 - acc: 0.79941024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.79791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1074 - acc: 0.79921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.1068 - acc: 0.80061120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1081 - acc: 0.79821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.79511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.79561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.1073 - acc: 0.79361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1076 - acc: 0.79171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.1067 - acc: 0.79371312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1063 - acc: 0.79651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.1057 - acc: 0.79391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1062 - acc: 0.79291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.1050 - acc: 0.79401413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.7941    
Epoch 101/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 26s - loss: 0.0527 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.7396 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.7692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7701 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.7721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.7743 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7714 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0995 - acc: 0.7699 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7708 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.7700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7680  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0990 - acc: 0.7662 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1013 - acc: 0.7589 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7608 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0999 - acc: 0.7594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.76311024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.76561056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.76611088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0992 - acc: 0.76471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.76791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.76821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.76691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.76731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.76761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.76721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.76681344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.76561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0978 - acc: 0.76741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.76921413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.7700    
Epoch 102/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.7772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7800  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.7845 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7812 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0916 - acc: 0.78431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.78521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.78501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.78491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.78391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.78211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.78291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.78541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.78451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.78281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.78511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.78501376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.78711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.78691413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.7877    
Epoch 103/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.7734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.7634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.7776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7780 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.7867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0899 - acc: 0.7865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.7873  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7879 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.7937 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.79331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.79101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.79261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.79141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.79371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.79171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.78971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.79281248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.79331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.79371312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.79571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.79611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.79871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.79971413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8004    
Epoch 104/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0529 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0938 - acc: 0.7727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.7786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0988 - acc: 0.7740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.7768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.7792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.7721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.7708 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7780 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.7770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0967 - acc: 0.7853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.7839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0954 - acc: 0.7837  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7757 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7759 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7719 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.77321024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0982 - acc: 0.77251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0989 - acc: 0.77181088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0981 - acc: 0.77301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.77411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.77691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.77701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.77631248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.77961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.78121312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.77971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0954 - acc: 0.77751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.77621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.77561413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.7749    
Epoch 105/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0919 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.7760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0901 - acc: 0.7839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.7875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.7855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.7891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.7913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7921  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.7917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.7953 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0924 - acc: 0.78731024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0941 - acc: 0.78421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.78791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.78861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.79201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.78911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.78721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.78451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.78771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.78911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.79041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.79091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.79291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.79331413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7933    
Epoch 106/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1338 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.7031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1171 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1182 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1123 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1137 - acc: 0.7656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1084 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1038 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1015 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0987 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0971 - acc: 0.8005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0960 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.7878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0972 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0980 - acc: 0.7869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0975 - acc: 0.7880 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.7865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7909  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.7917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.78831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0939 - acc: 0.78811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.78791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0932 - acc: 0.78771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.78841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.78991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.78891216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0914 - acc: 0.78951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.79011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.79061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.79121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.79091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.79001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.78761413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.7884    
Epoch 107/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.7743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.7869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.7812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.7861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.7882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.7944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.8011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7935 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7993  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.7990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.79841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.80021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.79781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.80271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.80031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.80151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.80261248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.80291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.80471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.80411344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.80061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.80091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.79901413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7990    
Epoch 108/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0964 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.8151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0912 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0922 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0954 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1007 - acc: 0.8051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1023 - acc: 0.7969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1040 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.1017 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.8080 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.8097 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.8111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.8112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.1005 - acc: 0.8125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0994 - acc: 0.8101  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.8148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0979 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.8157 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.8198 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.82161024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0952 - acc: 0.81541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.81821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.81871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.81861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.81421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.81411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.81481344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.81101376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0921 - acc: 0.80891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0929 - acc: 0.80401413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.8040    
Epoch 109/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.7879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.7875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.7891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.7922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.7921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.7904 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.7925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.7933  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.7940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.7888 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.79541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.79391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.79731088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.79871120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.79911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.79771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.80071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.80511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.80291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.80081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.79951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.79761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.79871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.79691413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7976    
Epoch 110/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1018 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0918 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.7656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0928 - acc: 0.7461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7552 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.7612 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.7637 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7708 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7785 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.7863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.7873  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.7924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.79031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.78811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.78691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.78861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.78661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.78821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.79141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.79191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.79251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.79061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.79421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.79091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.79431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.79551413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.7955    
Epoch 111/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0903 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.7784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.7839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.7885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.7812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.7849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.7845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.7826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.7891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.7913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.7921  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.7937 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.79841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.79881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.79921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.79231120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.79021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.78991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.78801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.78871248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.78691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.78671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.78731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.78791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.78921408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.78841413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.7884    
Epoch 112/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1008 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0951 - acc: 0.7708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0950 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0889 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0900 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8180 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8110 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8125  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8052 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.80751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.80881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.80981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.81001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.81001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.81021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.80641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.80881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.80611413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8061    
Epoch 113/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1098 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1332 - acc: 0.6406  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1354 - acc: 0.6458 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1253 - acc: 0.6719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1197 - acc: 0.6750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1148 - acc: 0.6979 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1053 - acc: 0.7098 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1035 - acc: 0.7305 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.7465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0985 - acc: 0.7562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.7614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.7708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.7644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.7688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.7695 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0943 - acc: 0.7739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0930 - acc: 0.7714 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0909 - acc: 0.7798 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7826 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0906 - acc: 0.7812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.7788  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0920 - acc: 0.7766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0911 - acc: 0.7812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7834 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.78121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0907 - acc: 0.78421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.78791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.78581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.78751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.78991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.79141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.79521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.79411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.79451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.79731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.79991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.80011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.80041413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8004    
Epoch 114/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1524 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1216 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.1124 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0977 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.7926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.8005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0879 - acc: 0.7917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.7912 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.7908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.7904 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7937 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.7945  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.7963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7985 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.80241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.80081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.80111088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.80091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.80211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.79901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.80021248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.80051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.79841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.79501344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.79321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.79071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.79401413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7941    
Epoch 115/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8267 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8214 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8224 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.8197  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8206 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8214 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8208 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.81741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.81721088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.81621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.81871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.81771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.81091248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.81171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.80941312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.81101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.81031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.80261413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8033    
Epoch 116/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1002 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.8105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0892 - acc: 0.8016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0890 - acc: 0.8021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8063 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.8089  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.80651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.80591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.80491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.80431248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.80371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.80311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.80341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.80361376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.80381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.80331413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8040    
Epoch 117/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 25s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 1.0000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8203 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8125 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8109 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8077  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8092 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.80851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.80491088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.80181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.80301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.80211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.80641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.80731376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.80811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80471413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8040    
Epoch 118/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0902 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8125 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8125 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8190  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8163 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8209 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8183 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8170 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8157 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.81541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.81341120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.81251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.81251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.81421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.81661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.81571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.81411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.81771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.81691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.81391413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8125    
Epoch 119/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1049 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.1033 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0970 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0965 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.8542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.8571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.8594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0974 - acc: 0.8507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.8469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.8490 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.8462 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8504 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8457 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.8193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.8177  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.8200 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8206 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8187 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.81851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.82031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.82011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.81701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.81481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.81481344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.81401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.81181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.80891413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 120/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0959 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.8207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8139 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8073 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8063 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.8065  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.8036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8039 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.80341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.80661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.80591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.80641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.80491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.80591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.80451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.80311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.80311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.80611413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8061    
Epoch 121/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 25s - loss: 0.1064 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1079 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0958 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0968 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0969 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0926 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0946 - acc: 0.7951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0925 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0908 - acc: 0.7983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0895 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0885 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.8125 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8125 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.8125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.8152 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8138 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8163 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.8197  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8183 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8170 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.8083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.80651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.80961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.81251088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.81071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.80991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.80831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.80591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.80771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.80561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.80511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.80521408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80541413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8054    
Epoch 122/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0351 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0580 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.8156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.8070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0840 - acc: 0.8056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.8021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0876 - acc: 0.8003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7995 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8037 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8029  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.80951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.80961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.80681088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.80801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.81331216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.81251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.80931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.81251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.81331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.81031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.81101408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.80891413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 123/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.7933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.7891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.7827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.7812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.7852  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7837 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.7873 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.7879 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.7909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.78431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.78421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.78501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.78491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.78841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.78911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.79311216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.79361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.79491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.79691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.79501344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.79541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.79651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.79471413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.7955    
Epoch 124/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0898 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.7812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.7837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.7911 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.7887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7926 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7948 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7995  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.7975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8029 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.7991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8017 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.80341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.79981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.79821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.79861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.79651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.79521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.79571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.79771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.79951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.79911376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.79871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.79761413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.7983    
Epoch 125/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1041 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1072 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.7997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8003  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8008 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8037 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8065 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.80441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.80611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.80711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.80641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.80571216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.80291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.80161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.80181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.80231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.8011    
Epoch 126/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0444 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8802 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8646 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8542 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8486 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8438 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8348 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8310 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8302  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8346 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8337 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8353 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8310 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8254 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.82361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.82521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.82861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.83001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.82861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.82201184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.82181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.82151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.81651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.81411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.81551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.81701376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.81831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.81531413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8160    
Epoch 127/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0538 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0528 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.7812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.7719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.7585 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.7682 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.7548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.7634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.7708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.7793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.7721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.7812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.7747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.7734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.7840 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.7839  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.7887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7933 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.7905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.7958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.7963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.79441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.79791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.79451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.79601120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.79821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.79951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.79931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.79731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.79301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.79341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.79611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.79581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.79761413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7962    
Epoch 128/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0595 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.7835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.7833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.7923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.7951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0849 - acc: 0.7991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.8016 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8021  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.8017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0866 - acc: 0.8044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.8058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.8039 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.8052 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.80441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.80091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.80301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.80491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.79921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.80181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8011    
Epoch 129/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0993 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8244 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8234 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8268  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8229 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8181 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.81961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.81741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.81721088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81801120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.81601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81501216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.81581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.81571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.81401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.81471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.81541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.81531413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8153    
Epoch 130/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8203  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8237 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8158 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8179 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.81721088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.81961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.81891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81871312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.81861344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.81851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81761408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.81821413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8174    
Epoch 131/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8293 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8302 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8281  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8209 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8171 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8181 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8211 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.82461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.82421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.82581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.82441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.82141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.82521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.82321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.82691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.82501312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.82321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.82291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.82411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.82461413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8252    
Epoch 132/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0278 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0348 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0546 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0570 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0637 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8027 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.7922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.7969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8016 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8034  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8087 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8053 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8047 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8060 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.81251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.81251088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.80991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80741216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.81171248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.81401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81391413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8132    
Epoch 133/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8352 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8352 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8329 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8333  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8337 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8365 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8403 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8373 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.82861024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.81891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.81871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.82031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.82181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.82151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.82291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.82421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.82661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.82411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.82601413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8252    
Epoch 134/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.7578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.7865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8054 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8047  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.81331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.81091280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.81031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.80821413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8082    
Epoch 135/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 30s - loss: 0.0573 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.7438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.7812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8141 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8125 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8099  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8125 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.81251088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81341120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.81341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81591216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.81661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.81651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81801312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.81901408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.81891413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8188    
Epoch 136/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8310 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8288  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8242 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8293 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8333 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8326 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.83171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.83301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.83141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.83181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.83041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.83071184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.82691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.82771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.82811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.82621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.82441376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.82341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.82101413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 137/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8194 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8240 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8318 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8352 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8315 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8281  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8287 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8264 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.82461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.82321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.82481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.82351120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.82051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.82121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.82181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.82401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.82371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.82581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.82551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.82221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.82271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.82171413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8217    
Epoch 138/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8160 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8071  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8137 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.81351024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81431120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.81341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.81511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81331216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81091280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.81251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.81031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81461413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8153    
Epoch 139/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.6875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.7847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8111  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8037 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.7993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8021 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8025 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.80041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.80401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80911216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.80781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.81021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.80881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.80891413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 140/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8490 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8318 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8338 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8342  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8346 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8287 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8299 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8304 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8323 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.83061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.82711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.82861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.83001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.82771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.82991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.82691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.82651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.82531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.82581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.82441376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.82271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.82241413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8224    
Epoch 141/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0615 - acc: 0.8661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8608 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8490 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8382 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8395 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8397 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8411  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8401 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8459 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8438 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.84171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.84081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.83711088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.83271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.83301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.83161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.82771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.82891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.82771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.82891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.83161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.82961376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82701408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82601413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8252    
Epoch 142/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8457 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8333 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8381 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8281  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8275 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8310 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8315 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8319 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8302 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.82861024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.83011056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.83051088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.83271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.83481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.83511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.83451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.83141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.83011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.82891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.82931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.82891376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.82341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.82601413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8266    
Epoch 143/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0910 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.7812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.7869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.7760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0913 - acc: 0.7620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.7746 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.7734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7884 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.7908  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.7956 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.7937 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.7957 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.7998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.7991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8028 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.80761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.81161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81521152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.81761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.81331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.81721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.81711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.81471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.81181413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8117    
Epoch 144/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 27s - loss: 0.0877 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8229 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8163 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8101  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81061088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.80981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.80731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.81331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.81491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.81171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.81401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.81251376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.81251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81181413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8125    
Epoch 145/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.7812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.8029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.7991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.7969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8097 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8138  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.8209 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8229 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8192 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8200 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.81351024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.81251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.81251088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.80881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.81341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.81001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.81171248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.81411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.81331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.81101376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.80811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.80611413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8068    
Epoch 146/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1043 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.7969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.7944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.7922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.7887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.7926 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.7894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.7865  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.7925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.7981 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.7963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.7974 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.7990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.79541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.79791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.80301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.79911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.79951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.79811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.79771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.79651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.79771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.79951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.79991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.79651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.79621413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.7955    
Epoch 147/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8065 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8040 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8073 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8063  832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8187 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.81741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.80981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.80901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.80661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.80591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.80531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.80261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.80131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80261413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8011    
Epoch 148/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0634 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0923 - acc: 0.7375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.7552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.7545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.7531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7528 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.7682 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.7729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.7734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.7743 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.7940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.7969 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.7963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.7981  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.7986 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.7996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80141024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.79981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.79961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.80181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.80491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.80561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80581376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.80161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.79831413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.7976    
Epoch 149/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8180 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8194 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8229 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8224 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8234  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8233 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8183 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8254 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.81251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.81631088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.81251120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.81431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.81511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.81251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.81411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80821413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 150/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8170 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8234  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8173 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8114 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.80761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.80791120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.80711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.80321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.80181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.80451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.80871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.80951376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.81041413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8103    
Epoch 151/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0555 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8194 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8151  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8137 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.8013 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.7974 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.7979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.79841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.79881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.79831088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.79691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.79641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.79691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.79901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0835 - acc: 0.80181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.80211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.80161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.80491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.80581376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8018    
Epoch 152/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0891 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.7917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.7750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.7784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.7812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.7790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.7708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.7812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.7849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.7899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.7932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.7912 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.7948 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.7956  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.7875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.7909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.7940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.7902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.7899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.7906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.79031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.79001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.79451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.78771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.78751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.78991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.78801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.79031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.79171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.79141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.79121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.79171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.79291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.79261413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.7926    
Epoch 153/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.1123 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0944 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.7396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.7344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0897 - acc: 0.7500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.7617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.7674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.7844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.7869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.7917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.7875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.7871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.7794 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.7812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.7862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.7955 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.7917  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.7900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7873 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.7882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.7891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.7877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.7917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.79031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.79101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.79071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.79321120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.79371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.79431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.79481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.79691248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.79731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.79691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.79881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.79991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.80311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80331413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8033    
Epoch 154/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8141 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8097 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8098  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8065 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.81741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.81821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.82051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.81761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81701376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.81831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81821413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8167    
Epoch 155/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1456 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1244 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1014 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1025 - acc: 0.7812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0956 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.7951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.7928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.7976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8008  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.7993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.7986 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.7946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.7920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.7927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.79131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.79491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.79641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.79601120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.79461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.79511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.79481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.79521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.79651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.79841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80111344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.80061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80331413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8033    
Epoch 156/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.1642 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1104 - acc: 0.6406  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1048 - acc: 0.7083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.7422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0905 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0838 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.7930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.7983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.7991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.7958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8038 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.7984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8054 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8057 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8034  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8017 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.80541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.80821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.80571216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.80451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.80641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80211376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.80331413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8040    
Epoch 157/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8295 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8302  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.8294 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8287 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.82761024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.82621056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.82171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.82231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.81861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.81411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.81731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.81721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.81711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.81921376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.81901408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81891413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8181    
Epoch 158/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0945 - acc: 0.7188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.7812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.7812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.7891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.7898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.7917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.7909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.7951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.7983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.7989  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.7982 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.7863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.7861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.7891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.7917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.79331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.79391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.79261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0850 - acc: 0.79141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.79021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0846 - acc: 0.79251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.79311216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.79281248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.79171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0874 - acc: 0.79061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.79271344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0865 - acc: 0.79091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.78921408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.78911413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.7898    
Epoch 159/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0871 - acc: 0.7902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.7832 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.7899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0836 - acc: 0.7895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.7955 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.7962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.7969  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.7937 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7981 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.7963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.7969 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.80241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.79981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.79961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.80091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.79691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.79811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.80021248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.79891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.79921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.79731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.79911376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.80231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.80111413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8011    
Epoch 160/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0472 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0604 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.7625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.7708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.7723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.7656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.7906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.7943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.7991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.7988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.7996 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.7993 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8080 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8030 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8047  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8013 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8029 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.80651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.80471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.80401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.80381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.80571216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.80471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80521408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80541413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8054    
Epoch 161/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0605 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0543 - acc: 0.7812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0479 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0553 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0569 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0601 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.7917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.7924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.7969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7993 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.7991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.8040 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8016  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.7995 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.7975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.8005 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.7975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.7980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.80341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.80491088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.80271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.80471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.80571216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.80771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.80861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.80651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80821413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 162/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0927 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0917 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8109 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8110 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8057  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8067 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.80751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.80971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.80791120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.81071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.80561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.80471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.80341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.80361376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80541413/1413 [==============================] - 22s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8033    
Epoch 163/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0570 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0559 - acc: 0.9219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8160 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8163 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8221  864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8206 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8125 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.81451024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.81151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.81161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.80831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80761248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.80951376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 23s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 164/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8109 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.8156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8125 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8084 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8112  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8087 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8137 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8071 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80681088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.80631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.80901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.81501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.80951376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.81181413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.8125    
Epoch 165/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0973 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0645 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0648 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8184 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8125 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8170 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8182 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8152 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8190  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8200 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8209 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8181 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81551024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.81251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.80971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.81431120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.81681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.81671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.81331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.81321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.81401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.81251413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8117    
Epoch 166/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0523 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8180 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8187 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8214 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8268  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8233 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8281 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.82361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.81741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.81521152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.81601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.81251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.81171344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81251376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.81321408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81321413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8139    
Epoch 167/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.7951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.7896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0848 - acc: 0.7871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.7882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.7928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0842 - acc: 0.7906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.7932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.7926 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.7956  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.7987 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.7993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.7975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.7991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.80341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.80181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.80211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.80091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.80211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.80071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.80181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.80581376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.80891413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 168/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0568 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.7902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.7852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0880 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0862 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8038 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8125  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8125 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8114 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.80881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.80891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.81251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.81251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.80771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.80701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.80721344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.80881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8103    
Epoch 169/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.1010 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0844 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.8299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8398 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8310 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8288  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8216 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.8248 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8190 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.81751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.81351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0834 - acc: 0.81251088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.81071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.80981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.81081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.81091248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.81251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0810 - acc: 0.81171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.80491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.80431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.80521408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.80681413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.8075    
Epoch 170/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.7344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.7500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0984 - acc: 0.7125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.1003 - acc: 0.7396 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.7545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.7695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1021 - acc: 0.7778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1012 - acc: 0.7812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1000 - acc: 0.7784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0949 - acc: 0.7917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0878 - acc: 0.8015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0882 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0896 - acc: 0.7937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0888 - acc: 0.7946 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0887 - acc: 0.7955 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0881 - acc: 0.7921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.7956  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0894 - acc: 0.7882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0884 - acc: 0.7913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0883 - acc: 0.7920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.7948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0869 - acc: 0.79331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.79691056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0859 - acc: 0.79551088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.79781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.79461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.79341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0861 - acc: 0.79311216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0855 - acc: 0.79521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.79491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.79531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.79881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.79911376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.79801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.80111413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0839 - acc: 0.8011    
Epoch 171/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0851 - acc: 0.8125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0798 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.7937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.8177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0778 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.7969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8125 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8065 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8112  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.8101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8092 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.80441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.80181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.80401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.80421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.80271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.80121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.80321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.79931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.79891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0813 - acc: 0.80081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.79881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0809 - acc: 0.79841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.79801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.80181413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.8025    
Epoch 172/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0505 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0542 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0808 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0792 - acc: 0.8203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.8070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.8038 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0820 - acc: 0.7997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.7995  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.8013 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8005 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.8044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0814 - acc: 0.8025 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.81151024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.81151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.81161088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.81251120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0805 - acc: 0.81251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.81251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.81421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.81501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.81571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.81561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.81631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.81701376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.81321408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0795 - acc: 0.81461413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0794 - acc: 0.8153    
Epoch 173/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0442 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0626 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8293 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8199 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8141 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.8082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.8043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8086  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.8113 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0785 - acc: 0.8067 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0796 - acc: 0.8058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8017 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.81051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0780 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0790 - acc: 0.80781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.80791120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.80631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.80901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.81081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.80921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.81171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80941312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.80791344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.80881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80681413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8068    
Epoch 174/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8196 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8152 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8177  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8221 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8229 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8179 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.81061088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0752 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80911216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.80691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.80861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.80951376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.8096    
Epoch 175/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0457 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0505 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0663 - acc: 0.8333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.8068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8184 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8180 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8182 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8179 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8164  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8137 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.8113 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.8090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8092 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0783 - acc: 0.8082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0769 - acc: 0.80951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.81251120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.81701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.81411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.81411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0762 - acc: 0.81551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.81401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.81251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.81111413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8110    
Epoch 176/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0933 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8516 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8359 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8264 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8295 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8274 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8268  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8305 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8281 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8297 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8302 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.82861024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.82711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.82391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.82541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.82501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.81991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.82051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.82111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.82091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.82411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.82101413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 177/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0481 - acc: 0.9688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0554 - acc: 0.9219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.8672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.8281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0940 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1061 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.1030 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1039 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.1047 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.1001 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.8259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0983 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0976 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0966 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0955 - acc: 0.8207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0962 - acc: 0.8156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0963 - acc: 0.8110 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0953 - acc: 0.8097 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0935 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0931 - acc: 0.8099  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0936 - acc: 0.8087 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0938 - acc: 0.8101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0961 - acc: 0.8044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0947 - acc: 0.8036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0937 - acc: 0.8060 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0904 - acc: 0.80851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0893 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.80971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0875 - acc: 0.81161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0873 - acc: 0.81251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0868 - acc: 0.81421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0863 - acc: 0.81671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0867 - acc: 0.81411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.81411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0852 - acc: 0.81411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.81251344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.81101376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0858 - acc: 0.81031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.81111413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.8117    
Epoch 178/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.7604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.7500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.7344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.7500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.7535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0830 - acc: 0.7500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.7557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0816 - acc: 0.7630 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0801 - acc: 0.7716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0786 - acc: 0.7854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.7871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7812 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.7894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.7930  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.7950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.7969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.7998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.8013 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8017 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.80241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.80571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.80301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.80701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.80631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.80991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.80831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.81001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.80851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.80941312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.80641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.80731376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.80741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.80891413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 179/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.6875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0782 - acc: 0.7292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.7562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.7604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0847 - acc: 0.7679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0860 - acc: 0.7695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0853 - acc: 0.7604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0831 - acc: 0.7688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0818 - acc: 0.7699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0843 - acc: 0.7760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0870 - acc: 0.7788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0856 - acc: 0.7812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.7891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0800 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8065 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0807 - acc: 0.8054 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.8099  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.8150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.8149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0776 - acc: 0.8067 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.8028 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.8083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0768 - acc: 0.80751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.80471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0787 - acc: 0.80301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0789 - acc: 0.80241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.80451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0770 - acc: 0.80641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.80831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.81001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.81011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.81251376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.80891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.80821413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 180/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0793 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8438 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8477 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8438 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8467 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8423 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8359  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8389 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8414 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8404 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8427 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8417 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.83871024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.84081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.84001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.83731120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.83661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.83511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.83281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.83311248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.83491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.83441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.83311344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.82961376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.83141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.82671413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8273    
Epoch 181/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0802 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8092 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8138  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0736 - acc: 0.8187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8137 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8093 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0765 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81151024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.80861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.80881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.80631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.80821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.80831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.80531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0763 - acc: 0.80781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.81101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.81181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.81101408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.81251413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8132    
Epoch 182/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0854 - acc: 0.7188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0797 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0652 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0779 - acc: 0.7882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.7969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.7869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.7812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.7933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.7991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.7979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.7910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.7831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0775 - acc: 0.7882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0781 - acc: 0.7829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0771 - acc: 0.7906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.7976 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8047  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.8037 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8071 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.81251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.81051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.80971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.80891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.80911216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.81331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.81411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.81481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.81631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.81471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.81471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.81391413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8146    
Epoch 183/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.7500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.7500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.7969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0586 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.7986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.7969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8036 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8151  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8137 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.81451024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.81451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.81341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81341120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.81431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.81671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.81911248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.81651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.81721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.81631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.81771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.81761408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.81891413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8174    
Epoch 184/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0986 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0609 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0606 - acc: 0.8785 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0600 - acc: 0.8693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0658 - acc: 0.8620 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8582 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8401 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8403 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8281 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.8234  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8255 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8264 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.8259 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8233 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8208 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.81851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.82131056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.82011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.82261120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.82231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.82121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.82181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.82241248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.82291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.82341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.82321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.82071376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.82341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.82321413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8231    
Epoch 185/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0449 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0481 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0599 - acc: 0.8750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0588 - acc: 0.8594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0642 - acc: 0.8477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8273 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8224 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8261 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8268  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8263 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8197 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8241 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8214 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8229 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.81851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.82131056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.82201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.82541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.82521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.82731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.82581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.82591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.82601413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8259    
Epoch 186/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0592 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0613 - acc: 0.8438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0657 - acc: 0.8219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8244 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8281  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8275 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0651 - acc: 0.8270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0653 - acc: 0.8287 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8281 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.82861024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.83011056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.82951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.83181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.82501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.82471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.82351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.82571248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.82531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.82501312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.82241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.82071376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.82271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82171413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 187/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8212 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8214 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8229  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8237 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8218 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8214 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82661024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82811056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.82811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.83131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.83071184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.82851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.82401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.82611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.82731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.82551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.82511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.82341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.82171413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8217    
Epoch 188/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0534 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0480 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0596 - acc: 0.8750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0584 - acc: 0.8616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0594 - acc: 0.8633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0572 - acc: 0.8715 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0561 - acc: 0.8719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8608 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0598 - acc: 0.8620 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0616 - acc: 0.8606 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8504 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8477 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8529 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8524 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0635 - acc: 0.8405 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.8253 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8315 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8268  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8233 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.8252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8237 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.82521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0673 - acc: 0.82201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.82141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.81771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.81991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.82051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.82341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.82471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.82371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.81981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.82171413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8224    
Epoch 189/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0603 - acc: 0.7812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.7812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.7937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0647 - acc: 0.8229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0639 - acc: 0.8210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0640 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0612 - acc: 0.8333 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0621 - acc: 0.8301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0624 - acc: 0.8316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8322 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0630 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0646 - acc: 0.8324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0650 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8320  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8137 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8147 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.81351024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.81451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.81441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.81621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.81791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.81771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.81841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.81911248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.82131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.82271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.81861344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.81771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.82051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.82031413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8202    
Epoch 190/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0857 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0741 - acc: 0.8313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0670 - acc: 0.8340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0680 - acc: 0.8207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.8219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8274 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8268  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.8237 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8259 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8254 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8229 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.82361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82131056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.82101088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.81991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.81341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.81421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.81661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0750 - acc: 0.81491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.81331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.81251344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.81321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0756 - acc: 0.81181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.80971413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0759 - acc: 0.8089    
Epoch 191/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0504 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0383 - acc: 0.8594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0488 - acc: 0.8021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0550 - acc: 0.8047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0563 - acc: 0.8187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0623 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.7991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.8125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0678 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0687 - acc: 0.8142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8338 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.8333  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8387 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8425 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8403 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8393 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.8405 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.84581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.84861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.84471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.84011120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.83931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.83251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.83281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.83061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.83331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.83521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.83461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.83631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.83581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.83741413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8372    
Epoch 192/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 22s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0571 - acc: 0.8750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0574 - acc: 0.8646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0633 - acc: 0.8828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0589 - acc: 0.8938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0557 - acc: 0.8906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0591 - acc: 0.8705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0632 - acc: 0.8672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0622 - acc: 0.8750 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0628 - acc: 0.8688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.8722 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0625 - acc: 0.8698 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0674 - acc: 0.8654 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0664 - acc: 0.8661 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8594 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8621 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0655 - acc: 0.8646 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0659 - acc: 0.8635 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0672 - acc: 0.8497 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8466 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8451  768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.8380 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.8384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0683 - acc: 0.8396 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0681 - acc: 0.83971024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.84081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0682 - acc: 0.83901088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.83921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.83571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.83681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0693 - acc: 0.83781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.83801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.83651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.83751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0691 - acc: 0.83771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.83631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.83791408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.83881413/1413 [==============================] - 20s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8379    
Epoch 193/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 24s - loss: 0.0597 - acc: 0.9375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 23s - loss: 0.0607 - acc: 0.9062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0610 - acc: 0.8984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0649 - acc: 0.8812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0738 - acc: 0.8516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8393 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8395 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8424 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8438  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8341 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8299 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.8292 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.8308 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.8292 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.83061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.83011056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.82581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.82901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.82861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.82991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.82931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.82891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.83081344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.83181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82991408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.82811413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.8280    
Epoch 194/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0803 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.8854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0643 - acc: 0.8500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0668 - acc: 0.8438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0684 - acc: 0.8304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0747 - acc: 0.8125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0772 - acc: 0.8047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.8192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0743 - acc: 0.8254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0760 - acc: 0.8247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0824 - acc: 0.8219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0806 - acc: 0.8289 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0841 - acc: 0.8210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0845 - acc: 0.8220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8255  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0837 - acc: 0.8275 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8317 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0826 - acc: 0.8287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8237 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0822 - acc: 0.8287 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0817 - acc: 0.8271 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.82561024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.82621056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0833 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0828 - acc: 0.82721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0823 - acc: 0.82771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0825 - acc: 0.82811184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0827 - acc: 0.82941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0829 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0821 - acc: 0.82851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0819 - acc: 0.82971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0815 - acc: 0.82851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.82811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.82491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0812 - acc: 0.82101413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0811 - acc: 0.8209    
Epoch 195/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0571 - acc: 0.8281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0627 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0644 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.7857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0654 - acc: 0.8008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0661 - acc: 0.8021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0656 - acc: 0.8063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.7969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0669 - acc: 0.7957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.7946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.7949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0690 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.7934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0689 - acc: 0.7977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0688 - acc: 0.8000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.7997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.7989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.7982  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.7937 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.7909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.7940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.7969 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.7942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.7906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.79231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0737 - acc: 0.79101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0757 - acc: 0.78791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.78491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.78571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0758 - acc: 0.78731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.78801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.78951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0745 - acc: 0.78851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0746 - acc: 0.78671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0740 - acc: 0.78891344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.79021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0731 - acc: 0.79141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0728 - acc: 0.79051413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0726 - acc: 0.7912    
Epoch 196/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0443 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0433 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0468 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0617 - acc: 0.8750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0636 - acc: 0.8688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.8594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0686 - acc: 0.8259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0675 - acc: 0.8203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.7924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.7937 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.7930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.7978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.7899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0730 - acc: 0.7862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.7891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.7902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.7955 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.7962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.7930  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.7950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.7993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.7963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.7991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.7996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.80341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0713 - acc: 0.80471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.80681088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.80971120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.80541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.80641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.80831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.81001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.80931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.80631312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.80951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.80881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.80671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.80261413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8025    
Epoch 197/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0662 - acc: 0.9062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0732 - acc: 0.7969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.8229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0998 - acc: 0.8359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0948 - acc: 0.8438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0915 - acc: 0.8333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0872 - acc: 0.8348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0886 - acc: 0.8281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0832 - acc: 0.8403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0799 - acc: 0.8381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0804 - acc: 0.8359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0777 - acc: 0.8413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0791 - acc: 0.8281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0784 - acc: 0.8292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0773 - acc: 0.8262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0753 - acc: 0.8372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.8313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0767 - acc: 0.8274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0761 - acc: 0.8267 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0749 - acc: 0.8302 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0751 - acc: 0.8281  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0764 - acc: 0.8213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8173 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0766 - acc: 0.8194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0754 - acc: 0.8181 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0744 - acc: 0.8222 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0733 - acc: 0.8219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.82461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0722 - acc: 0.82321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.82541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.82681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.82381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.82431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.81741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0725 - acc: 0.81891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.81801312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0727 - acc: 0.82011344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0729 - acc: 0.81771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.81981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81891413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8195    
Epoch 198/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0398 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0573 - acc: 0.8906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0620 - acc: 0.8125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.7891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0694 - acc: 0.8194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0679 - acc: 0.8239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0677 - acc: 0.8281 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0676 - acc: 0.8197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0660 - acc: 0.8259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0671 - acc: 0.8146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.8187 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0700 - acc: 0.8155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8099  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0724 - acc: 0.8089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.8114 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.8125 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0712 - acc: 0.8115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.81351024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.81351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81251088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0735 - acc: 0.81071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0734 - acc: 0.80801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.81081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.81331216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.81331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.81471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.81611408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.81531413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8160    
Epoch 199/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 21s - loss: 0.0864 - acc: 0.8125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0774 - acc: 0.7656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0748 - acc: 0.7917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0755 - acc: 0.7656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0788 - acc: 0.7750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0739 - acc: 0.7969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0742 - acc: 0.7946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.7986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.8000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.7983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.7995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0697 - acc: 0.8167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0723 - acc: 0.8066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.8088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.8065 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8026 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.8030 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0721 - acc: 0.8060  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8087 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.8125 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0698 - acc: 0.8137 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.81451024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.81541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.81821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.81621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.81611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.81601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0720 - acc: 0.81421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.81661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.81491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0710 - acc: 0.81721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.81781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0699 - acc: 0.82071376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.81691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0702 - acc: 0.81961413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.8188    
Epoch 200/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0368 - acc: 0.8750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 20s - loss: 0.0554 - acc: 0.9062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0590 - acc: 0.8958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 19s - loss: 0.0563 - acc: 0.8750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0580 - acc: 0.8562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 18s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0602 - acc: 0.8527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 17s - loss: 0.0618 - acc: 0.8398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0614 - acc: 0.8472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 16s - loss: 0.0608 - acc: 0.8500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0629 - acc: 0.8523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 15s - loss: 0.0638 - acc: 0.8542 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0631 - acc: 0.8558 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 14s - loss: 0.0665 - acc: 0.8527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 13s - loss: 0.0666 - acc: 0.8438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0667 - acc: 0.8438 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.0685 - acc: 0.8385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0692 - acc: 0.8355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0704 - acc: 0.8250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0695 - acc: 0.8310 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.8302 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0711 - acc: 0.8294  800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.0717 - acc: 0.8275 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0714 - acc: 0.8245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.8252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0719 - acc: 0.8225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.0718 - acc: 0.8244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0716 - acc: 0.8250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.0715 - acc: 0.82661024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.82911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.0706 - acc: 0.82671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0701 - acc: 0.82721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.0707 - acc: 0.82681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.82901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.0709 - acc: 0.82851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.82811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.82891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0696 - acc: 0.83001344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.0703 - acc: 0.82661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.0708 - acc: 0.82881413/1413 [==============================] - 21s - loss: 0.0705 - acc: 0.8294    
 32/158 [=====>........................] - ETA: 0s 64/158 [===========>..................] - ETA: 0s 96/158 [=================>............] - ETA: 0s128/158 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s158/158 [==============================] - 0s     
[[  9.99579728e-01   2.58043372e-07   3.45989334e-04 ...,   7.75362196e-07
    4.80963627e-06   6.38396784e-07]
 [  1.51878252e-04   3.71298683e-03   7.48268064e-07 ...,   1.02374936e-03
    9.70077038e-01   5.20006695e-04]
 [  5.72598001e-05   8.50058314e-06   1.08949394e-06 ...,   2.16438775e-06
    3.74344558e-01   3.15619691e-05]
 ..., 
 [  9.43920389e-03   2.45396849e-02   6.44930924e-06 ...,   2.30371300e-03
    9.02085975e-02   2.07876274e-03]
 [  5.47153950e-01   3.65156268e-07   4.41846896e-06 ...,   4.34532097e-07
    3.25650239e-04   3.89826454e-07]
 [  8.66316695e-05   3.68028705e-05   1.32101732e-07 ...,   2.57033162e-06
    9.99074936e-01   2.22302951e-05]]
(158, 8)
Hamming Similarity 0.638713080169
