Using Theano backend.
==> loading glove
==> glove is loaded
utils.py::create_vector => 10002 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1000480 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100a02 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102engr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105degree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106206 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109a209a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109b209b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 10th19th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 112212 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 113213 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 11700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 123pubpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 129b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12r is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 131p is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 134a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 138a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 14001600 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 140a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 145b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a355a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 151251 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152252 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152w is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 153253 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 154athis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 160a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16151868 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 164089 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 165d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 170b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 177277 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17991837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18131837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 181655 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 182c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18301840s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 185b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 186165 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18641918 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1868present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 190f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192021 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192065 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1920iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19361939 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 194b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19591962 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 195c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1965present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196669 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196abc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 197577 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1d3d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200word is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 201314 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2013iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20152016 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20162017 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 212c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 217a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcenturies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stringed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 227a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 229x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 23123 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 232t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 236sethicsoc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24n is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 261h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 263h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 267b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 272h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 274h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 279h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 285h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2oc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31ab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 323h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 330605 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 354430 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 36of is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 3there is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 400000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 430550pm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 43143 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 44y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 45b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 480460 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4950 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4th15th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4unit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5001000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 52h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 6001500 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 70q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a1level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a2level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 750000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 82c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 95c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aacutelvaro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abcdnp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abdelkebir is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aboutdiscuss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abovethis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abstractionnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => achillesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionadventure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionangle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => activitynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actordirector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actualism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actup is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acuitymusicality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addictionsiquestboth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adimi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adventurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aestheticstylistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamericans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africancaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrocaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrohispanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropessimism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropolitanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agehave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ageold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agoiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aimeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => airsea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aketleystanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alandalus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alarabicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aldicircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aleramos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alienationreconciliation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aljahiz is missing
utils.py::create_vector => allocationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alloriginal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alqaida is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alrightquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ameacuterico is missing
utils.py::create_vector => americanborn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => amstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogiquesttoiquestdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ancientnbsppastoral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnenglish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnrevise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnsociocultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => animalattached is missing
utils.py::create_vector => answersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antialiasing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antifootbinding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiforeign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiglobilization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antijewish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antilynching is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antipsychiatryand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antislave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antisoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aotearoanew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => applyiquestgenocide is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => architeccts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archivallybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => areageology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arendts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arewere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aristotles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aroundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arthist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => articlesiquestmainly is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artisticnresponses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistpoet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artstudi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artworksnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ashburnhamensis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquestindia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiapacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiauspacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => assignmentsprojects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => athttpsoestanfordeducurrentstudentsedpprogramsacehtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atmosphereocean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomicscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomlight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => attitudequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencenna is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencesnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => auditiory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustannbspliterarynbsphistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => austrohungarian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorityand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autoethnographies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autresquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => avantgardes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awardwinning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awliyacirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aztlaacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bazins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beacutecquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beckettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => becquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beethoveniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beginneriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beingsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beliefsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bellatin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benefitcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benitezrojo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benthams is missing
utils.py::create_vector => betweennhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bhagavadgita is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bierds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biocore is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biohopk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biologging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biopotential is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biosignals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biotsavarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bismarcks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blazzaristanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blowsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boccaccios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bohmian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bolantildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boliacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bookquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => booksnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => borgess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bospbeijing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bottomquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brandatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brdf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brechts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brentons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => britain16401700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => broadlyiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brodskyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => businessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => buumlchner is missing
utils.py::create_vector => byzantiumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ca800 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caerquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caffreys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calculusbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calderoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => californiaprimarily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cancioacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cantoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cartierbresson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casanegra is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casestudy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casmurro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catch22 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catholicismprotestantism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ccrma is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cddrl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacuteline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cellcell is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centrury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuriesespecially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cervantess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaacutevez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chabros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changeproved is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changrae is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chariotracing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chashitsu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaudhuris is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinafocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquared is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chitliniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => choralorchestral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircndynasty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chreacutetien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianitynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => citystates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civicsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilizingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilmilitary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clariacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classanalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classhis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classicaltoquantum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classlat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classnnplease is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classroomand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleacutement is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleansingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clinicalcase is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clsoe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102engr155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme104engr155b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coachings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coalfired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coetzees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coldplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => colead is missing
utils.py::create_vector => collectionsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comedyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comingofage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationsmarketing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communistinduced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communitybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communityiquestthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexified is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comptuer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computablequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computeraided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerassisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computergenerated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computermediated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comtessa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concernsiquesttoday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concregravete is missing
utils.py::create_vector => condeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => confusionneach is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congressiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congshen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conservatisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => constitutionmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consttruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consumerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contentsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contestediquestby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => continuousdiscretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contourns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contractualist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conundrumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coregistration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corporationiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cortaacutezar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cosmicomics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefitrisk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cotaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterminal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coulombiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => counterchronological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countrieswhose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creativedesign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crichtons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crimina is missing
utils.py::create_vector => critiquesnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosscultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturalnphenomena is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossdisciplinary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosslisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossnational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosspollination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssectional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssections is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossstep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossvalidation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs107 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => csre is missing
utils.py::create_vector => culturesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cunninghambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => curtainquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cutoutcollage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cuttingedge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cyberspaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dafnazurstanfordedunknight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daliacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danceiquestthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dancermaster is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dangaremgba is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danteiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dariacuteo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darishyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darwall is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadriven is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datahas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daubigneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dbnatsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatenwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatesiquestat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadentism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadesnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deducer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepearth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepestheld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => definability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deformational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => democracyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => demystifiedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => departmentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => depoliticization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designplasticity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalphysical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalsignalprocessorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diquestarthurei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disasterprone is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinarity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discoverybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discussionbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discusthrower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diseaseassociated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => divideandconquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dlcl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doeblin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dolliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgically is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drexlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => droughtridden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drumsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dureacutee is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => earthiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eartraining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => easytouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecclestias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecomechanics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecosystembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => edisons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => editorinchief is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee101a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee108 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eessearthsys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => efficiencycost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => egyptomania is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eigensystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenyearolds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => einsteinpodolskyrosen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => elektronische is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eltit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => empirics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => endofthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => englishnnclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engrosses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => enlightenmentnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ensembleinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entertainmentanimated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entrylevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => environmentsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => episodesthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => epochdefining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eprtype is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equationsnsolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equianos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equivalen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eroticsexual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => essaywriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => esterhaacutezy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => etciquestpersist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnicracial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnohistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eulerlagrange is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerica is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eventsn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everchanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everexpanding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everpopular is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evershifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everythings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everywherestudios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evilquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => examinationon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exchangerateregime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => excludedn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exercisesprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => expressioniquestsounds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => facesaving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => factbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familiarizes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familynnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faradayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fardsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fashionminded is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fastmoving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faureacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faustusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fcpx is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feldshuhs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fellous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femininitymasculinity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feminities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => festivalquestions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fgss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fibersand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldexperiments is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmprod is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstyear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fivechapters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircneur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flavorsiquestaustere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => floatingpoint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => florences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fluiddynamic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fogelin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => formsiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => forprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fourday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp101 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp104 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => framebyframe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frameliterature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franccedilaise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franceiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => francoamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frayns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freebody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenchspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frequencydomain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmanlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenbeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fromnnnwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ftests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fugardkanintshona is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fulllength is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fumiyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futabatei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futureiquestdevelopment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => galicianportuguese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacuteshya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gatlato is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gauchet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gaussiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gehrigs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderbending is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gendering is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genrespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geoeconomic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geographys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geohazards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geophys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerdbsocsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanmeets is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gfw is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ghataks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => giftsthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => girondo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => glissant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globaliquestpostworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globalscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goacutemez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godotiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogarten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogols is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbarth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbegr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessoffit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => googleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goumldels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graciliano is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grandparentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grices is missing
utils.py::create_vector => groundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guelf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guimaratildees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haendels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hallacircj is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hamiltonjacobi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsiqueston is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handwrought is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hangucircl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happenedin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happilynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hardwon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => harmonizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hasiquestwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hausmarchen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haveniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hbrooksstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => healthrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heatbudget is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hebdige is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hegels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heideggers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterochrony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterosexualityhomosexuality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherngraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => highthroughput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hillslope is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hisher is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historiansiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history170 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history297f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history70a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historyfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hivaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hocirctel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => holderlin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeknowledges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homiles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => honoreacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hourquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hsiaohsien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpartsstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpbiochem118stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpccrmastanfordeducourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmath101stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordeduacademicslessonsignupshtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsocostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpssostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsstanfordboxcomstpwwqpl2ryxfty6stq8wo2j78fj06ikg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrcoursesadvancedpwrcourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrexplorenotationsciencewriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwarduinocc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedudeptundergradcgibindrupalpwradvancedpwr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedugroupssocgibinwordpressmemberlogin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hubmeier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanenvironment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanitys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humankinds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humannaturetechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humbio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => huntergatherer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperprotestant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hysterias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iaeneidi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iantigonei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibseniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichanges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichiyocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icommediai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icsii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idealsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ideasnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => identificationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idisgracei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idivine is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idraculai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iessaysi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ifaerie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iflor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => igoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihaltungi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihamletias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihimaeras is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iidylls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinfernoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinstitutes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iivanhoei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ijonathan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ikoumlrperkultur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilais is missing
utils.py::create_vector => illiquestcreated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilolitaimodern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginaries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginationnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imamyar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imanierai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immersionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immunodeficient is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imorte is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imperialsm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => improvisersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => includeshifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => independentlynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indiani is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigeneity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigenismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualcollectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indoeuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indomuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => industrystandard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inever is missing
utils.py::create_vector => informationclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inncomparative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inputoutput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructoriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructornnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalizing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intelligenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => interculturalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intermediateadvanced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internationalurbanizationorg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internshipstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intnlrel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intonational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => investigationi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestamericaniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestartfullyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestauthenticityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbioprogramiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbloodthirstiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestcasanovaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdangerous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdatavisualizationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdecoherenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteconomyiquestiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteviliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestfuzzyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestgame is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestguerrilla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestintellectualiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmaterialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmedievalismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmodernityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnaturaliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnewcomersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestothelloiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpardoning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestperformanceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestprovincialize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestraceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrevolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestschoolsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsciences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestseeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsports is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestwaiting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => irtheories is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ishiguros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => islamiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => isniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => israelipalestinian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => issuesaspects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itallang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => italyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itselfn3 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwithout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jacint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jailquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamesiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jancso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japaniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japanlng is missing
utils.py::create_vector => javabased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jazzensemble is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanjacques is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanluc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jesusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jewishamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jimeacutenez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joseacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => judeomaghrebi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juniorsenior is missing
utils.py::create_vector => justificationiquestin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlnger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlrgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kantiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kants is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kaouther is missing
utils.py::create_vector => karwai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennedyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kenzaburocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kephisodotos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kermackmckendrick is missing
utils.py::create_vector => keysquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kierkegaards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kincaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kindleare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kingsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => knighti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kokkinobaphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koreaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => korsgaard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koryocirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kosztolaacutenyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => krapps is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kripkes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kubricks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laborquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laiciteacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laldjeacuterie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lalitvakstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lamars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landresource is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landsliding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laozis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laplaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => late18th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latenineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latetwentieth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinaos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinidad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lawiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastnorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastsquares is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lectdisc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lecturelab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leistung is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lenini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lgbtqueer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberalismiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifeand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifechanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifenbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifennthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lightposts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lindsayabaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarycritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarysocial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lithologic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liveelectronics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => locavorism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => logicophilosophicus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longcherished is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longliving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longrun is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lookingltbrgtltbrgtnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => louisferdinand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => loumlwenheimskolem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lovefree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowcarbon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowtemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ludmer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => luthers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinemade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macondismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macroremains is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mademade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => magnetostatics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahashweta is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majoringminoring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsadmission is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsminors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => makebelieve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mallarmeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maloryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mansfieldi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manuscriptprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manyparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mariacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marieacutees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marketoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markingglazing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marloweiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => martiacuteshy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => massmedia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mastermusician is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mathbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => matsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maxwelliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meacutetissage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meddeb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediafrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediaintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediapolitics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mellac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => menchuacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mexicanorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mgtecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => michelsonmorley is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => micromechanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microprogramming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microtonality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid10th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid1940s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid20th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid80s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midnineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midtwentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindbody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minimumcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miniproject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minnesinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minoritymajority is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miseenscegravene is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mistrys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedrace is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedsignal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modalitylike is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modelinganalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moderata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moliegravere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monarchismrepublicanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moneycapital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monoprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => montaignes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moralityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moroccoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => morphologiesnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => motionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => msampe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mudimbe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multicollinearity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multileveled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multimediathe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multisensor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musiciquesteverything is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicsound is missing
utils.py::create_vector => muumlntzer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myjihad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myroniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythnnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythoepic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nabokovs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naciacutequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanocharacterization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanotechnologists is missing
utils.py::create_vector => narcostate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationaliquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationbuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationfocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natureculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naziinspired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbspdiscussions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbsplearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neardeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => negativesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nehamas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neighborsnnow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoconfucian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoromanticism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neutralityn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => newhive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nextgeneration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ngames is missing
utils.py::create_vector => niccolograve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nichecrafted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzche is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzsches is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nineteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nitery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nizacircm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nlearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nmost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnearlier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nninstructor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noigandresin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputabilityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonconsciously is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nondancern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noneuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmammalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmusic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnarrative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnormative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonperformers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonpid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonprobability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrenewability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrussians is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonscience is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonspecialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonstudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonvisual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => notforprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nottages is missing
utils.py::create_vector => novelsjm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowquotnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npainted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npcompleteness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nreadings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nrecommended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nsculptors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nselected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nwhy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectfigure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivesubjective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivitysubjectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocaseys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => occidenteries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocirce is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oednnwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ogai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oilpresses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oiquestconnor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oloixarac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => olynthos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onehour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onesided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onethird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onwurah is missing
utils.py::create_vector => opamp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openair is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => operashave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optionsnnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optogenetics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ordernwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationsnnnby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationssymphony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => othersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => overfamiliar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ownnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painleveacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paintersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paleoethnobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => panasianism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => parrhasios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => particleinabox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partnerdancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partsnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => passageiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pastoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patientdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pattiann is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peaeckeeping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peemail is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peerreviewed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peeving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peopleiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => perceivers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancecentered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => periclean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => persepective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pessoas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => philosophyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => physicalchemical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianoproficiency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianostring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => piglia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pippilotti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placemaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plancks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platetectonic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => playtexts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutarchn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutocirct is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetryimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pokeacutemon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => policyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => polisci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pompeiis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => popculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => populationcrowd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portablemiked is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portugals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => positivesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => post1976 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postapartheid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postboom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postcold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postenlightenment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postindependence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postiquestworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postmao is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postperformance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postpetrarchan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postreconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postromantic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsocialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => posttheistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwende is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwwii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => powersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicalnskills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practiceninterpretation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnncontact is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnnwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pre1990s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precapitalist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precirculated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precorequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => predigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => preinternet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prereq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prerequisiteconsent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presentday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presocratics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prevet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => primarially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => principalagent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prisonhalf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => privatelesson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problemsolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnnnour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnwelcome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => profitseeking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectionmapping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => propertya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => proprietarycontrolled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych141 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych60 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicationnnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicsector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => purseiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pushkins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarterlong is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteryear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queacutereacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queenei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queerlitfilmwordpresscom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quesions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => questiondoes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotadabquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotafrican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalternative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericansquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaround is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotassert is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotatelier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotauthorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotautobiographicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotawayquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbangclashquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbecome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbehind is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeurquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbig is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbipolarquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirtherquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotblack is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbonsaiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbroccoliquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcahier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcapitalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcasesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcentral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcheatingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchoose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchorusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotclassicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcrisis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdeconstructionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdemosquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdirectionalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdisorganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotendedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenormous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenvironmentquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotevil is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexistentialism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfinishedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfrackingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgangnam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgloballyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgood is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodnessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgraphicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotharmonyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothidden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothigh is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothighquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomelandquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanmadequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothysteriaquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoticons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotindifferent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinevitable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinfernoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinscribing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiron is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalianquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknowquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlaboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlenvers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotletter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliberalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlintellectuelquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliterary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlotquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmaqamatquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmechanicsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmexicannessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotminorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmuseum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnatural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotneuromarketingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonhumanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonplacesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotobjectivelyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoton is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotovercomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotphilosophicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacemakersquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplein is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpopularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpsychosisquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotqueeringquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreaderquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrelationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligiousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrevolutionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrhymesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotright is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrogue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrole is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotromanticquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecondgenerationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotshockingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsister is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsmartquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotspiritquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsweatshop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsystems is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotterroristsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheorizequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheres is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotto is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottraditionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottransgressionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottrembling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottruthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotturning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotunderdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuniversalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuseless is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvicious is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotviolencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvisitquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwho is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwinedark is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwisequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwomens is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotworkquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrenaissancequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => qushayricirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raceethnicity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rachilde is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racialethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racializations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racircbia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => radiooratorio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raduan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ramoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rauacutel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => readingwriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realismformalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reallife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reasoners is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recentand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reconceptualize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redemptioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redowa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reenrollment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reequilibrate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reflectiion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => refrigeratoriquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => regionality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativestate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionsecularism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => renaissancebodyprojectstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representediquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reqs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => requirednforms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => researchiquestbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => residencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resituating is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resynthesis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => returnquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => revolutioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rghts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => riefenstahls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rightnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rockforming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rodoreda is missing
utils.py::create_vector => roleplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rolliquestas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rosaliacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rubeacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rucircmicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rulequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => runi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruskiniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sacksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => safetyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salomeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salvajesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => samesex is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationillness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sapphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scegraveve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scenesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schaefferian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schimtt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schoolquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldingers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schultzastanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scientic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scoresiquestis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scottiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenwritingtelevision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sdcarterstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seasquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sebbar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondaty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondlargest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secularchristian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => securitydrawing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sefarad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfabsorbed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfaffirming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcomposure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconceptions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstitution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcultivation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdefinition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdetermination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdiscipline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioned is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfgovernance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfknowledge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selflabeling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnyou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selforganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfportrayal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrecognition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfregulation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfshaping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfstrengthening is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semicentennial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seminarstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => servicelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexgender is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexualrelationship is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakepeare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakespeareiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shidyaq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shimeis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortanswer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singersongwriters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singleparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singnnrequired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sinojapanese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => siteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sitespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => situationsprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skillsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skloots is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skorupski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skypeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slavetrade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sloughi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => smoa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => snailhorn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialbiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyhistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socioculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociospatial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociotechnological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socircsekis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => softwarehardware is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soilecosystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solarthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => someoneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songstorytelling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sopranosi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundsculptures is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sourceiquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spaceiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spatialization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => speechquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spenseriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spitzs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssosposne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stageof is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stateoftheart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stereoscopes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stopmotion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storiesmyths is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storymaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storytellingthat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strangersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strategiesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentconducted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentcurated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentdeveloped is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiesnnnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiobased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiotrained is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylewe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subgameperfect is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subjectiquestwill is missing
utils.py::create_vector => submittingapplication is missing
utils.py::create_vector => substantives is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subtend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sukiya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sulamicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => superposing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => surplusesdeficits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => switchedcapacitor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takehome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takijis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tapebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamtaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => technologyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tectonicvolcanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teenspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tenja is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tennysoniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tensionnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teoriacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => testimonio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => texasi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theaterstend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themaxmspjitter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themennstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thenafterlife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thennation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theorizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thermochemistry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thingsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkinginpractice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thoughtprovokingmaterial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thousandday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threepart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threequarters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thronesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thyselfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tiananmenthemed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tidepooling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedelay is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedependent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeenergy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timefrequency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timelapse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timesdays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeseries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tolerationist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tomaschevski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonbsptriumviral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonwork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => toolboxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => topiciquestdrones is missing
utils.py::create_vector => torberg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => totaltheater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traceiand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traditionnnnover is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transcreations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transidiomatic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => translationnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => troeltsch is missing
utils.py::create_vector => trouabdours is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truffauts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthinvolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tsitsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ttests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tununa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => turkeyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfirst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twohour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twolayered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twominute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twopart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twosided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twostep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twothirds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => typecastingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undergraduategraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => underpinningsnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undertakennnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upheavel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperdivision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upsidedown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usdevotees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usercentric is missing
utils.py::create_vector => useu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usfamily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleinclan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valueladen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valuesnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => variablesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => varmas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => velaacutezquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => veniceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vereini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vicariance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => videoaudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewpointsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewsnnguest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vikingsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencenonviolence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencequotan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => virgils is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visagravevis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visualnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vividlywritten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voiceleading is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voudou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vulgarium is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waitlist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => warnernin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waterrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => watershedscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wavespoyntingiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayfr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysanalytical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayscreative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysengaging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wealthpoverty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weatherfreshmen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => webbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wehtquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welfareenhancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welldocumented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellmanaged is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellsuited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wertmullers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westernnonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheeln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheelthrown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whitecollar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => willnread is missing
utils.py::create_vector => winwin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wittgensteins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wkb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womensso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wordsiquestare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => workstationbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldnew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldssources is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writinginthemajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wronging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => xxth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => yopougonquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zinniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zolas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inbetweenness is missing
[[[-0.27557     0.22854     0.1384     ..., -0.47996    -0.25113     0.36883   ]
  [-0.45381    -0.0073266   0.27498    ..., -0.32387    -0.25544    -0.19268   ]
  [-0.3617      0.059534   -0.21064    ...,  0.287       0.61058    -0.31347   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[ 0.3393777   0.53647148  0.97284994 ...,  0.84823954  0.42189375
    0.36066312]
  [ 0.096837   -0.35972    -0.17211    ..., -0.19025     0.11055     0.044465  ]
  [-0.25831     0.43644    -0.1138     ...,  0.081697   -0.0044191  -0.14102   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.38655    -0.34621    -0.49664    ..., -0.34414     0.10067    -0.017634  ]
  [-0.11741     0.13307    -0.19936    ...,  0.089595   -0.077056    0.074187  ]
  [-0.21555    -0.13316     0.18198    ..., -0.34705    -0.16459     0.29796   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 ..., 
 [[ 0.24471    -0.16719     0.099626   ..., -0.62319    -0.35169    -0.088778  ]
  [ 0.083096    0.052565    0.17864    ..., -0.049633    0.52222     0.52408   ]
  [ 0.15083    -0.394       0.27848    ..., -0.32175     0.58337     0.36878   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.19472     0.18836     0.11739    ..., -0.38294    -0.25358    -0.12843   ]
  [ 0.23947     0.28136     0.33209    ..., -0.33882     0.47715    -0.077103  ]
  [-0.40239    -0.0022291  -0.020036   ...,  0.21429     0.21021    -0.019233  ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.18416     0.42065     0.66224    ...,  0.4175     -0.032347   -0.6291    ]
  [ 0.061223    0.72227    -0.1896     ...,  0.18959    -0.02957    -0.56861   ]
  [ 0.14533     0.12262    -0.21671    ...,  0.25562    -0.0032642  -0.32747   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]]
[[ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 ..., 
 [ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]]
212
Epoch 1/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.4300 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4496 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4546 - acc: 0.1458 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4516 - acc: 0.1406 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4461 - acc: 0.1625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4375 - acc: 0.1615 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4336 - acc: 0.1920 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4341 - acc: 0.2070  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4345 - acc: 0.2083 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4404 - acc: 0.2031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4399 - acc: 0.2017 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4371 - acc: 0.2005 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4365 - acc: 0.1995 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4348 - acc: 0.2098 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4329 - acc: 0.2062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4311 - acc: 0.2109 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4294 - acc: 0.2114 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4298 - acc: 0.2031 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4310 - acc: 0.2089 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4322 - acc: 0.2031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4318 - acc: 0.2128 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.2244 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4288 - acc: 0.2310 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4293 - acc: 0.2331 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4283 - acc: 0.2350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4288 - acc: 0.2404 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2419 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.2433 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.2500 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.2542 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.25711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.26071056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.26421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.27021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.27141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.27961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.28041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.27891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.27441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.27751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.27911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.28121413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.2810    
Epoch 2/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3938 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3982 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.3854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.3359  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.3063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3036 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2866 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.27721024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.28031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27371088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.27761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.27681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.28381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.28701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.28931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.29271344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.29091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.29191413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2909    
Epoch 3/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.3594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3281  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.3385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3419 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.3524 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3536 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.3563 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.3542 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3523 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.3533 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.3529 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.3500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.3486 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3495 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3493 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3513 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.3479 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.34881024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.34471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.33811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.33361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.33041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.32471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.32091216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.31991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.31571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.31171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.30791344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.30431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.30091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.29901413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2987    
Epoch 4/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.4167 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3789  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3785 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.3719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.3672 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.3606 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.3638 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.3625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3535 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.3548 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.3559 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.3651 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.3609 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.3586 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.3565 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3641 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3659 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3613 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3606 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.3600 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3594 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.3578 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3563 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.34981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.34771056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.34191088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.33821120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.33391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.33251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.32521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.32401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.32131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.31951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.31711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.31401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.31181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.30821413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3086    
Epoch 5/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.1562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.1875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.1562 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.1938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2109  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2153 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.1989 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.1953 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.1923 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2054 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2188 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2169 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2205 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2204 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2307 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2344 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2296 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2279 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2224 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2315 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.2366 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2371 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2458 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.24801024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.25391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.25381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.25741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.25981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.25871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.25931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.25741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.26481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.26371344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.25971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.25941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.25711413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2576    
Epoch 6/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3861 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.1875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.2062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2143 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2227  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2257 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2188 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2240 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2308 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2411 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.2500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2500 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2537 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2535 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2566 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2693 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2727 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2745 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2873 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2845 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.29441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.29591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.29261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.29501120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.28801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.28041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.28941376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.29141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.29121413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2916    
Epoch 7/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2852  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2539 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2656 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2753 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2846 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.27121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.26761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27371088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.27321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.27341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.27111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.27061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.26841280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.26641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.26521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.26711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.26601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.26421413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2640    
Epoch 8/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.2266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.2031 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2344  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.3125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.3073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.3059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.3036 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.3030 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2995 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2870 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.2868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2866 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.28631024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.28421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.28311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.28121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.28931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.28821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.29221216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.29611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.29731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3996 - acc: 0.29691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.30031344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.30361376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3980 - acc: 0.30451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.30611413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.3064    
Epoch 9/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3835 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.4813 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.4375 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3879 - acc: 0.4023  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3887 - acc: 0.3854 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.3750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3879 - acc: 0.3693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3879 - acc: 0.3568 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3914 - acc: 0.3510 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.3393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3956 - acc: 0.3208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3960 - acc: 0.3145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.3125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3922 - acc: 0.2993 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.3031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3877 - acc: 0.3095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3886 - acc: 0.3068 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3891 - acc: 0.3084 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3905 - acc: 0.3086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3905 - acc: 0.3101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3914 - acc: 0.3044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3906 - acc: 0.3058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3907 - acc: 0.3050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3918 - acc: 0.3042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3929 - acc: 0.29841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.29391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3947 - acc: 0.28881088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3957 - acc: 0.28491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3964 - acc: 0.28041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3969 - acc: 0.27521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3980 - acc: 0.27201216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.26891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.26441280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.26251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4010 - acc: 0.26301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.26261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.26091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.26351413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2633    
Epoch 10/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3905 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3281  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2982 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.3029 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3170 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3179 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.3156 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.31251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.31151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.30781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.30791120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.30541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.30471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.30151216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.30021248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.30131280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.30001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.29651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.29241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.29071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.29121413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2902    
Epoch 11/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3898 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3747 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3800 - acc: 0.2562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.2500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.2734  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3785 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3805 - acc: 0.2612 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.2625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3812 - acc: 0.2656 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.2702 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3833 - acc: 0.2622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3824 - acc: 0.2533 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.2530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.2486 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.2446 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.2461 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.2412 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3843 - acc: 0.2404 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3833 - acc: 0.2407 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.2366 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3842 - acc: 0.2371 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.2344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.24191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3837 - acc: 0.24711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3848 - acc: 0.24911088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.25091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.25001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.24831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.24751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.24671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3817 - acc: 0.24601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.24691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3812 - acc: 0.24851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3823 - acc: 0.24851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.24781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.24721413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.2463    
Epoch 12/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3593 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3466 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3600 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3593 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.2969  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.2882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.2844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.2699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3748 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.2701 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.2708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3727 - acc: 0.2734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.2721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3747 - acc: 0.2708 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3768 - acc: 0.2632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.2619 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.2614 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.2582 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.2552 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.2612 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.2680 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.2701 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.2737 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3779 - acc: 0.2740 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.27321024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.27641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.28121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.28471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.29051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.29441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.29331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.29611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.29421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.29611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.29801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.29831413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.2987    
Epoch 13/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3600 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3873 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3891 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3817 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.2857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.2930  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.2812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.2917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3775 - acc: 0.2837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3765 - acc: 0.2768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.2750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.2754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3790 - acc: 0.2665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.2622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.2599 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.2625 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.2664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.2628 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3771 - acc: 0.2622 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.2578 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.2550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.2560 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.2546 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.2500 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.2457 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.2427 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3770 - acc: 0.24501024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.24711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.24811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.25001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.25451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3790 - acc: 0.26041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.26691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3775 - acc: 0.26811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.26761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.26871312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.27061344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.26931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.27031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.27201413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.2725    
Epoch 14/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3955 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3990 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3894 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3911 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3904 - acc: 0.3125  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3899 - acc: 0.3160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3898 - acc: 0.3125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3890 - acc: 0.3011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3881 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3852 - acc: 0.3077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3850 - acc: 0.3058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3867 - acc: 0.3042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.2988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.2978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3880 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.2928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3881 - acc: 0.2938 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.2902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3876 - acc: 0.2912 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3861 - acc: 0.2908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3867 - acc: 0.2865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3856 - acc: 0.2838 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3852 - acc: 0.2825 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3859 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.2757 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3864 - acc: 0.2759 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3874 - acc: 0.2729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3881 - acc: 0.26711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.26661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.26421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3877 - acc: 0.26011120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3876 - acc: 0.25801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3869 - acc: 0.25521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3864 - acc: 0.25841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3850 - acc: 0.26151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.26201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.26641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.26831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.27311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3823 - acc: 0.27401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3835 - acc: 0.27491413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.2760    
Epoch 15/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3931 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3870 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3911 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2266  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.2153 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.2062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3951 - acc: 0.1989 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.1901 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3929 - acc: 0.2043 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.2121 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3935 - acc: 0.2104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3930 - acc: 0.2168 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3917 - acc: 0.2151 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3910 - acc: 0.2205 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3884 - acc: 0.2237 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3872 - acc: 0.2250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3861 - acc: 0.2307 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.2358 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3869 - acc: 0.2391 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3868 - acc: 0.2383 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3886 - acc: 0.2400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3897 - acc: 0.2428 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3893 - acc: 0.2431 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3879 - acc: 0.2422 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3862 - acc: 0.2414 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3872 - acc: 0.2385 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.24501024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3868 - acc: 0.24611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3863 - acc: 0.24431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.24171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3882 - acc: 0.24731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3871 - acc: 0.24831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3874 - acc: 0.25171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3873 - acc: 0.25251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3869 - acc: 0.25001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3860 - acc: 0.25781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3853 - acc: 0.25841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3856 - acc: 0.26261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3866 - acc: 0.26021408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3874 - acc: 0.26281413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3873 - acc: 0.2626    
Epoch 16/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4285 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.2656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2578  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.2656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3947 - acc: 0.2642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3949 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3918 - acc: 0.2476 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3890 - acc: 0.2411 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3892 - acc: 0.2562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3862 - acc: 0.2637 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.2629 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3833 - acc: 0.2656 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.2664 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.2713 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.2745 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.2760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.2787 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.2837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.2801 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.2748 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.2729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.26811024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3747 - acc: 0.27151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.26801088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.26651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.26871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.26821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.26601216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.26481248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.26761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.26871312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3770 - acc: 0.26831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.26711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.26741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3781 - acc: 0.26491413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.2647    
Epoch 17/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3550 - acc: 0.1771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.2062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3628 - acc: 0.2135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.2009 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.2188  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.2188 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3620 - acc: 0.2219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3634 - acc: 0.2244 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3608 - acc: 0.2214 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.2163 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3622 - acc: 0.2054 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.2188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.2324 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.2316 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3711 - acc: 0.2361 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.2385 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3724 - acc: 0.2391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.2440 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.2486 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.2554 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.2552 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.2562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.2596 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.2645 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.2651 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.2656 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.26511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.26171056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.26331088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.25921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.25711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.25611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.25681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.25581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3752 - acc: 0.25081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.24841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.25691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.26121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.26311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.26281413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.2619    
Epoch 18/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3946 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3813 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3723 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.2589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.2461  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.2500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.2437 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.2443 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.2370 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3779 - acc: 0.2308 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.2299 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.2271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.2363 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.2426 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.2448 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3861 - acc: 0.2566 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3873 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3871 - acc: 0.2530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3862 - acc: 0.2557 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3869 - acc: 0.2582 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3871 - acc: 0.2630 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3879 - acc: 0.2650 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3877 - acc: 0.2644 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3883 - acc: 0.2662 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3868 - acc: 0.2645 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.2575 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3871 - acc: 0.2635 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3872 - acc: 0.26211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3863 - acc: 0.26461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3862 - acc: 0.26521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3873 - acc: 0.26561120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.26611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3858 - acc: 0.26741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3849 - acc: 0.26771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.27221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.27321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.27341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.27441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.27461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3816 - acc: 0.27621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.27631413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.2760    
Epoch 19/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4436 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3957 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3911 - acc: 0.2857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3896 - acc: 0.3086  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3849 - acc: 0.3090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.3125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.3153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.3077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.3147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.3187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.3242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.3364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3768 - acc: 0.3316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3771 - acc: 0.3257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.3219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.3185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.3125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.3084 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3770 - acc: 0.3047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.3025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.2981 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.2963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2969 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.2963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.2938 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.28611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3740 - acc: 0.28031088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3747 - acc: 0.27941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.27861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.27861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.27961216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.28121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.28121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3779 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3785 - acc: 0.27901344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.27901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.28121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.27981413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.2788    
Epoch 20/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3900 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3899 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3905 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3926 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3940 - acc: 0.2891  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3960 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3908 - acc: 0.3094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3890 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3872 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3887 - acc: 0.3125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3906 - acc: 0.3080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3894 - acc: 0.3105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3895 - acc: 0.3015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3859 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3853 - acc: 0.2928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.2875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.2812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.2787 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.2764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.2743 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.2712 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.2737 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3781 - acc: 0.2750 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3765 - acc: 0.27721024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.27641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.27271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.27391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.27321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3763 - acc: 0.26911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.27531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.27801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3771 - acc: 0.28041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3768 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.28431344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.28351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.28421408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.28621413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3765 - acc: 0.2866    
Epoch 21/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.2604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.2461  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.2257 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.2281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.2244 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.2240 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.2308 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3828 - acc: 0.2277 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.2313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.2383 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.2408 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.2431 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.2418 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.2406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.2485 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3752 - acc: 0.2528 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.2554 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.2591 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3726 - acc: 0.2562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.2548 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2627 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3727 - acc: 0.2634 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3723 - acc: 0.2597 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2615 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3727 - acc: 0.25601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.25981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.26701088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.27021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.28041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.28561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.28951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.29251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.29381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.29421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.29761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.30161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.30401413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.3029    
Epoch 22/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3771 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.3688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3711 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.3750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.3789  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.3819 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.3719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.3693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.3750 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.3678 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.3594 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3775 - acc: 0.3604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3765 - acc: 0.3652 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.3676 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.3646 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.3635 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.3594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3743 - acc: 0.3601 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.3565 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.3573 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3771 - acc: 0.3542 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.3513 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.3498 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.3495 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.3449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.3394 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.3354 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.33271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.32621056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3790 - acc: 0.32011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.32261120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.31871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.32381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.32261216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.31911248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.31891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.31721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.31711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.31701376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.31901408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3779 - acc: 0.31821413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.3178    
Epoch 23/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3943 - acc: 0.1641 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3909 - acc: 0.1625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3871 - acc: 0.1719 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3859 - acc: 0.1830 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3874 - acc: 0.1914  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3918 - acc: 0.1910 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3860 - acc: 0.1938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3824 - acc: 0.1932 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.2057 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3872 - acc: 0.2091 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3837 - acc: 0.2098 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3845 - acc: 0.2021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3835 - acc: 0.2129 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3836 - acc: 0.2151 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3832 - acc: 0.2170 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.2204 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.2156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.2232 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.2244 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.2296 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.2383 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.2400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.2512 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.2523 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.2556 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.2522 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.2500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.25501024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.25591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.26041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.26381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.26071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.26391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.26441216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.26561248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.26361280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.26411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.26221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.26491376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.26671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.26991413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3785 - acc: 0.2711    
Epoch 24/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3550 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3752 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.2734  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.3005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3694 - acc: 0.3036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.3104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.3164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.3125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.3125 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.3224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.3199 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.3168 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.3071 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3726 - acc: 0.3113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3723 - acc: 0.3137 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.3125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3158 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.3147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3177 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.31251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.31151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.30781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.30881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.31161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.30901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.31001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.31091248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.31091280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.30861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.30721344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.30281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.30231408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.30111413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.3022    
Epoch 25/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3844 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3930 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3854 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3883 - acc: 0.2500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3913 - acc: 0.2455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3858 - acc: 0.2617  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3812 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.2594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.2642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.2500 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.2428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.2411 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.2458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.2480 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3860 - acc: 0.2482 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3874 - acc: 0.2500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.2500 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.2531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3867 - acc: 0.2530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3843 - acc: 0.2571 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3846 - acc: 0.2595 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3844 - acc: 0.2643 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3842 - acc: 0.2625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3870 - acc: 0.2692 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.2697 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3867 - acc: 0.2645 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3856 - acc: 0.2640 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.2625 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3842 - acc: 0.26511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3843 - acc: 0.26271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3833 - acc: 0.26331088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3840 - acc: 0.26931120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.26791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3828 - acc: 0.27001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.26601216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3855 - acc: 0.26481248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3860 - acc: 0.26441280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3863 - acc: 0.26251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3867 - acc: 0.26451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3869 - acc: 0.27081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.27401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.27491413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3873 - acc: 0.2753    
Epoch 26/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4423 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3899 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3909 - acc: 0.3438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3893 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3911 - acc: 0.3125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3915 - acc: 0.3259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3320  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.3264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3917 - acc: 0.3063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3917 - acc: 0.3040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3930 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3975 - acc: 0.3173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3975 - acc: 0.3237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3160 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3255 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3262 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3315 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.3319 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3312 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.33371024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.33301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.33521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.33271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.33041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.32381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.32351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.32241248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.32051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.32581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.32771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3996 - acc: 0.33261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.33941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.34091413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.3404    
Epoch 27/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3675 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.4167 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.4018 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.3906  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.3958 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.4094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.4148 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.4089 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3574 - acc: 0.4111 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.4107 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3550 - acc: 0.4021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.3906 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.3805 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3576 - acc: 0.3802 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3581 - acc: 0.3701 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.3812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3571 - acc: 0.3839 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3575 - acc: 0.3864 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3569 - acc: 0.3927 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.3906 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3562 - acc: 0.3925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.3942 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.3958 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.3984 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.3955 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3580 - acc: 0.3958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3590 - acc: 0.39421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.39161056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.39391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.39341120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.39111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.38981184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.38431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3632 - acc: 0.38821248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.39101280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.39141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3638 - acc: 0.39331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.39291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.39241408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.39131413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3653 - acc: 0.3907    
Epoch 28/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3936 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3898 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3842 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.2986  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.3000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.3011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.3073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3698 - acc: 0.3077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.3147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.3208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.3309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.3368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.3355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.3438 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.3452 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.3438 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3771 - acc: 0.3505 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.3529 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.3563 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.3570 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3805 - acc: 0.3611 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.3605 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.3664 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.3708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.36691024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.36621056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3835 - acc: 0.36551088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.36951120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.37141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3812 - acc: 0.37241184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.37251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.37501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.37501280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.37811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3824 - acc: 0.37651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3817 - acc: 0.37721376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.37431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3817 - acc: 0.37361413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.3744    
Epoch 29/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3995 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3942 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.2031 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.2062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3785 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3829 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.2656  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.2778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.3153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.3255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.3389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.3259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3823 - acc: 0.3396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3833 - acc: 0.3457 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.3529 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3808 - acc: 0.3490 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.3553 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3829 - acc: 0.3500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.3571 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.3537 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.3533 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3813 - acc: 0.3542 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3813 - acc: 0.3500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3805 - acc: 0.3510 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.3507 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.3438 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.3416 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.3354 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.33061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.33111056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.32671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.32171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.32321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.32471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.32851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.32981248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3800 - acc: 0.32931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.33051312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.33231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3828 - acc: 0.33181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.33581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.33591413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3830 - acc: 0.3383    
Epoch 30/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3860 - acc: 0.3688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.3750 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.3571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.3633  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.3681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.3625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3808 - acc: 0.3665 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.3802 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.3822 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.3862 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.3792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.3789 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.3768 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.3819 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3823 - acc: 0.3832 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3812 - acc: 0.3781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.3839 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3813 - acc: 0.3849 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.3872 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.3880 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3823 - acc: 0.3887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3823 - acc: 0.3894 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3828 - acc: 0.3877 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3816 - acc: 0.3817 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.3825 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.3844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.38611024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.38281056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.38541088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3853 - acc: 0.38421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.38751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.38451184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3832 - acc: 0.38771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.38901248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3849 - acc: 0.38701280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3860 - acc: 0.38591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3856 - acc: 0.38411344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.38391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3851 - acc: 0.38301408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.38351413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3846 - acc: 0.3857    
Epoch 31/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3912 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3895 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.3438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.3516  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.3715 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.3656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.3864 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.3906 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.3822 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.3750 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.3792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.3809 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3785 - acc: 0.3787 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.3750 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3800 - acc: 0.3651 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.3609 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.3497 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3790 - acc: 0.3409 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.3383 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.3438 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.3412 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3775 - acc: 0.3365 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.3287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.3304 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.3341 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.3333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.33771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.34181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.34091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.34101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.34731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.35241184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.35731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.36271248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.36381280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.36331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.36811344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.36831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3735 - acc: 0.37281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.37141413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3735 - acc: 0.3730    
Epoch 32/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.4219 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.4188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3675 - acc: 0.4271 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.4152 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.4336  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.4306 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.4375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.4375 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.4349 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.4423 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.4442 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.4396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.4395 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.4283 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.4306 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.4243 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3691 - acc: 0.4188 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3691 - acc: 0.4152 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.4091 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.3967 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.3997 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.3962 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.3906 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.3947 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.3929 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.3955 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.3990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.40021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.39751056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.39961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.40071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.40181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3643 - acc: 0.40361184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.40291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.39881248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.39901280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.39691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.39941344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.39961376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3634 - acc: 0.39751408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.40061413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.4013    
Epoch 33/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4583 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.4464 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.4570 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3529 - acc: 0.4410  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.4437 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3626 - acc: 0.4460 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.4427 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.4447 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.4420 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.4292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.4277 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.4228 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.4236 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.4194 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.4172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.4152 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.4105 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.4103 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.4115 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.4125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.4111 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.4132 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.4152 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.4159 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.4146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.41231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.41701056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.41671088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.41641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3632 - acc: 0.41611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.41231184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3611 - acc: 0.41471216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3611 - acc: 0.41281248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.41031280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.40781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.40621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3608 - acc: 0.40401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.39971408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.39631413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3615 - acc: 0.3963    
Epoch 34/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3910 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3975 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.3802 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3890 - acc: 0.3795 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3894 - acc: 0.3750  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.3681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3963 - acc: 0.3750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3943 - acc: 0.3665 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3923 - acc: 0.3646 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.3726 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3920 - acc: 0.3683 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3907 - acc: 0.3688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.3633 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3895 - acc: 0.3695 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3896 - acc: 0.3594 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3893 - acc: 0.3569 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3929 - acc: 0.3484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3920 - acc: 0.3497 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3905 - acc: 0.3466 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.3465 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3894 - acc: 0.3464 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3874 - acc: 0.3463 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3891 - acc: 0.3413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3877 - acc: 0.3472 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3874 - acc: 0.3438 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3871 - acc: 0.3438 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3850 - acc: 0.3448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3852 - acc: 0.34271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3853 - acc: 0.33691056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3862 - acc: 0.33141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3861 - acc: 0.33091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.33301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3869 - acc: 0.33251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3855 - acc: 0.33531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3844 - acc: 0.33471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3844 - acc: 0.33171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.32971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3832 - acc: 0.33001344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.33111376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.32851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.32671413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.3255    
Epoch 35/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3828 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3885 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.3516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3748 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.3393 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.3320  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.3368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.3469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3580 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.3411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.3389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.3415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.3438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.3438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.3474 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.3438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3765 - acc: 0.3421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.3312 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.3333 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.3324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.3329 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3770 - acc: 0.3411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3763 - acc: 0.3412 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.3413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.3449 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.3471 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.3459 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.3448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.34381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.34771056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3770 - acc: 0.34661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3768 - acc: 0.34651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3770 - acc: 0.34551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.34721184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.34461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3763 - acc: 0.34211248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.34621280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.35161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.35211344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3752 - acc: 0.35271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.34961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.34521413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3752 - acc: 0.3454    
Epoch 36/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3641 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3711 - acc: 0.3906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.3812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3661 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3771 - acc: 0.3594  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.3646 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.3656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.3494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.3385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.3413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.3393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.3375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.3438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3775 - acc: 0.3346 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.3316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3765 - acc: 0.3372 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.3359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.3304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3763 - acc: 0.3324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.3302 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.3346 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.3400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.3413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.3426 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3393 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.3362 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.3427 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.34681024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.34671056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3711 - acc: 0.35041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.35111120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.34731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.34641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.34291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.34051248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3712 - acc: 0.33811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3724 - acc: 0.33051312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.33231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.33411376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.33501408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.33241413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.3319    
Epoch 37/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3604 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.3625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.3527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3765 - acc: 0.3359  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.3299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.3281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.3239 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.3203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.3245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.3304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.3250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.3320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.3364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3712 - acc: 0.3368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.3454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.3453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.3452 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.3480 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3505 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.3503 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.3500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.3486 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3507 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.3527 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.3545 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.3521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.35381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.35251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.35321088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.35021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.35271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.35501184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.35301216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.35121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.34941280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.35231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.34981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.34971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.34811408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.34591413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3461    
Epoch 38/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3703 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3641 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.3906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.4000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.4062 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.3884 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.3945  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3634 - acc: 0.3889 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.3875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.3807 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3712 - acc: 0.3776 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3709 - acc: 0.3726 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.3661 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.3688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.3652 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.3676 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3723 - acc: 0.3628 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.3651 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.3641 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.3646 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.3651 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.3682 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.3685 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.3700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3712 - acc: 0.3702 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.3623 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.3638 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.3610 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3740 - acc: 0.3583 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3726 - acc: 0.35281024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.35061056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3743 - acc: 0.34751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.34471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.34551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.34641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.34881216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3748 - acc: 0.34621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.34381280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3743 - acc: 0.34531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3740 - acc: 0.34531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.34381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.34451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.34591413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3735 - acc: 0.3468    
Epoch 39/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3611 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3699 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3086  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.3368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3633 - acc: 0.3580 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.3646 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3558 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.3549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.3542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3709 - acc: 0.3535 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.3474 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.3472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.3536 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.3500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3743 - acc: 0.3512 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.3480 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.3478 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3748 - acc: 0.3451 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.3425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.3389 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.3391 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.3371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.3373 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.3333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.33471024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.33401056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.33431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.33271120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.33041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.32901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3770 - acc: 0.33111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.33061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.32771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.32421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3775 - acc: 0.32551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.32511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.32701408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.32741413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.3270    
Epoch 40/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.3438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.3320  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3694 - acc: 0.3781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3703 - acc: 0.3665 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3802 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.3678 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.3638 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.3604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.3613 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.3658 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.3698 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3709 - acc: 0.3717 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3712 - acc: 0.3719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3711 - acc: 0.3676 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.3707 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3699 - acc: 0.3750 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3691 - acc: 0.3815 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.3812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.3858 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.3866 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.3862 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.3869 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.3875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.38511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3681 - acc: 0.38571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.38541088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.38511120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.38661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.38631184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.38341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3700 - acc: 0.38161248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3698 - acc: 0.38141280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.37971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.38191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3709 - acc: 0.38241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.38081408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.38211413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.3822    
Epoch 41/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3942 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3854 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3833 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3860 - acc: 0.3563 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.3884 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.4023  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3889 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.3875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.3892 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.3958 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.3966 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.4040 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.3979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.4004 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.4007 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.3993 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.3947 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.3937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.3914 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.3920 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.3818 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3681 - acc: 0.3815 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3685 - acc: 0.3825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.3834 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.3877 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.3929 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3691 - acc: 0.3879 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.3885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.38411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.38281056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.38351088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.38511120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.38661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.38891184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.39021216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.38981248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.39101280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.39061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.38951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3675 - acc: 0.39141376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.39171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.38921413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.3885    
Epoch 42/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3870 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3870 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3850 - acc: 0.3937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.3854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.3828  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3781 - acc: 0.3854 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.3937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.3864 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.3854 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3756 - acc: 0.3870 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.3772 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.3833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3752 - acc: 0.3887 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.3842 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.3750 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.3766 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3726 - acc: 0.3797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.3720 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.3707 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3699 - acc: 0.3668 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.3685 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.3713 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.3750 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.3738 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.3750 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.3815 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.3812 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.38101024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.37791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.38071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.38141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.38121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.37931184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.38341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.38401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3685 - acc: 0.38541280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.37971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.37961344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.38241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.38301408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.38351413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.3850    
Epoch 43/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3600 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.3812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.3750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.3867  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3700 - acc: 0.3785 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.3906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.3807 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.3776 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.3822 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3862 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.3833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3712 - acc: 0.3887 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.3879 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3699 - acc: 0.3906 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.3914 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3700 - acc: 0.3891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.3884 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.3892 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3723 - acc: 0.3886 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3726 - acc: 0.3893 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.3887 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.3906 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.3912 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.3906 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.3933 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.3906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.39011024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.38671056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3653 - acc: 0.38921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.39061120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.38931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.38891184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.39021216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.38981248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.38541280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.38671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.38641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.38471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.38081408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.38141413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.3800    
Epoch 44/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3703 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.3937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3618 - acc: 0.4271 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.4330 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3670 - acc: 0.4141  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.4062 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.4156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.4176 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.4167 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.4111 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.4040 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.4062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.3965 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.3952 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.3854 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3611 - acc: 0.3783 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3594 - acc: 0.3688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.3646 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3620 - acc: 0.3565 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.3533 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.3438 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.3425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.3450 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.3553 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3626 - acc: 0.3583 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.3524 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.3552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.35281024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.35251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.35511088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.35481120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.35541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.35681184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.35471216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.35121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.35101280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.35311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.35441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.35641376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.36051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.35871413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3595    
Epoch 45/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.3812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.3906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3973 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3984  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3670 - acc: 0.3854 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3640 - acc: 0.4000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.4119 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3583 - acc: 0.4141 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.3990 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.4018 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.3958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3634 - acc: 0.3906 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3915 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3643 - acc: 0.3854 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.3947 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.3906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.3869 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3626 - acc: 0.3864 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.3872 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.3854 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.3862 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3634 - acc: 0.3918 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.3912 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.3884 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.3890 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.3896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.39211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.38961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.38731088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.38691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.38841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.38801184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.38851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.39141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.39101280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3653 - acc: 0.39221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.39021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.39211376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.39171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.39201413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.3928    
Epoch 46/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3579 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3619 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.3884 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.3984  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3530 - acc: 0.3924 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.3969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.3807 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3622 - acc: 0.3698 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.3726 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3728 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3848 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3842 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.3889 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.3799 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3750 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3670 - acc: 0.3778 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.3764 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.3789 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3685 - acc: 0.3837 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3699 - acc: 0.3846 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3694 - acc: 0.3819 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.3862 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.3858 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.3885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.38911024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3676 - acc: 0.38771056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.38921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.38881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.38751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.38721184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.38771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.38731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.38781280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.38671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.38801344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.38761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3653 - acc: 0.38661408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.38571413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.3857    
Epoch 47/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3911 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3763 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.4219 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3735 - acc: 0.4152 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.4219  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.3993 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.4000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3731 - acc: 0.4006 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.4010 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3990 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.3996 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.3979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.3945 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3860 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.3750 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.3717 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3641 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.3512 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.3423 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.3342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.3411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.3425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.3474 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.3426 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3449 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.3459 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.3438 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.34681024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.34571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.34561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.34831120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.35361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.35421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.35641216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3622 - acc: 0.36101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.36221280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.36411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.36361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.36381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.36411408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.36361413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3631    
Epoch 48/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3717 - acc: 0.4250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.4167 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.4196 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.4062  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.4097 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.4062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.4034 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3675 - acc: 0.3854 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3822 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.3728 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.3604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.3613 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.3732 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3698 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.3635 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3824 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.3864 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3872 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.3815 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3653 - acc: 0.3812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.3762 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.3785 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.3717 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.3621 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.3563 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.35281024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.35351056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.35611088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.36211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.36431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.36981184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.36991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.36841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.37341280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.37421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.37501344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.37651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.37571408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.37291413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.3730    
Epoch 49/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.4313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3529 - acc: 0.4115 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.4286 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3530 - acc: 0.4219  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4340 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.4250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.4148 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.4141 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3570 - acc: 0.4111 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3574 - acc: 0.4062 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.4083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.4062 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.3879 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.3889 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.3882 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3670 - acc: 0.3906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.3839 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.3778 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.3832 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.3815 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.3850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.3894 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.3947 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.3951 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.3922 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3653 - acc: 0.3906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.39421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3641 - acc: 0.39551056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.39201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.39341120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.39371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.39151184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.38431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.38161248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.37741280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.37581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.36971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.36531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.36481408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.36511413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.3645    
Epoch 50/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.2773  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3653 - acc: 0.2847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.2844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.2786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3729 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.2835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.2938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.3008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3699 - acc: 0.2978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.3125 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3728 - acc: 0.3076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.3156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3700 - acc: 0.3185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3704 - acc: 0.3182 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.3220 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3680 - acc: 0.3294 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.3250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.3257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.3275 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.3259 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.3287 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.3260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3685 - acc: 0.32261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.32711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.33241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.33091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.33571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.33771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.34291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.34211248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.34541280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.34611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.34681344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.35041376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.34961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.35231413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.3539    
Epoch 51/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3866 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3785 - acc: 0.3937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.3958 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.3973 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.4023  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.3993 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.4000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3650 - acc: 0.4034 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.3906 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.3846 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.3862 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3662 - acc: 0.4021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.4062 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.4026 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.4010 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3670 - acc: 0.4030 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.3953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.3884 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.3878 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3727 - acc: 0.3845 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3724 - acc: 0.3802 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.3787 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.3762 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3757 - acc: 0.3715 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.3728 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.3675 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.3615 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.35891024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3781 - acc: 0.35451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3781 - acc: 0.35231088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.35391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.35361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.35331184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.35811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.36181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.36301280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.36411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3768 - acc: 0.36361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.36311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.36701408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3768 - acc: 0.36651413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.3687    
Epoch 52/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3693 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3918 - acc: 0.3563 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3963 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3942 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.3906  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.3819 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3808 - acc: 0.3937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.4006 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.3984 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.3918 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3829 - acc: 0.3951 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3818 - acc: 0.3875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3824 - acc: 0.3906 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3815 - acc: 0.3897 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.3924 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3797 - acc: 0.3980 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.3984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3788 - acc: 0.3929 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.3949 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3775 - acc: 0.3927 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3779 - acc: 0.3945 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.3950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.3966 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.3981 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.3984 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.3976 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3743 - acc: 0.4031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3740 - acc: 0.40221024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.40331056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3737 - acc: 0.39961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3726 - acc: 0.40071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.39911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.40101184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.40201216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.40301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.40301280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.40231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.40171344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.40181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.39831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.39911413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.3984    
Epoch 53/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3846 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3840 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3769 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3594 - acc: 0.4375 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.4330 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.4453  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4271 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3581 - acc: 0.4094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3610 - acc: 0.3977 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3580 - acc: 0.3854 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.3822 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.3817 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3537 - acc: 0.3833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.3770 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.3805 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.3733 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.3701 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.3719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.3705 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.3693 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.3628 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.3646 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.3625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.3654 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.3646 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.3672 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3529 - acc: 0.3653 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.3594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.35791024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3550 - acc: 0.36041056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.36361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.36401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.36961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.36811184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.36991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3534 - acc: 0.37501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.37581280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.37661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3529 - acc: 0.37651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3534 - acc: 0.37871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.38151408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.38421413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.3836    
Epoch 54/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3550 - acc: 0.4286 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3587 - acc: 0.4336  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4410 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3602 - acc: 0.4406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.4375 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3615 - acc: 0.4375 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3619 - acc: 0.4375 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.4263 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.4229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.4277 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3681 - acc: 0.4265 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.4253 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.4276 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.4203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3681 - acc: 0.4241 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3694 - acc: 0.4205 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3709 - acc: 0.4171 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.4128 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.4113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.4075 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.4039 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.3996 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3748 - acc: 0.4009 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3732 - acc: 0.3979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.39211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.39061056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.39021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.39251120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3747 - acc: 0.39371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3746 - acc: 0.39581184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3752 - acc: 0.39701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.39471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.39181280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.39221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.39021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3782 - acc: 0.38761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3781 - acc: 0.38741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3779 - acc: 0.38781413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.3885    
Epoch 55/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.3594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.3929 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3686 - acc: 0.3789  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.3646 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.3656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3747 - acc: 0.3636 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3717 - acc: 0.3672 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3754 - acc: 0.3582 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.3638 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.3812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.3789 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.3842 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3725 - acc: 0.3854 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.3882 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.3891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.3884 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3711 - acc: 0.3878 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.3818 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.3828 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3862 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.3822 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3707 - acc: 0.3819 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3817 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3702 - acc: 0.3782 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.3792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3708 - acc: 0.37301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.36521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3717 - acc: 0.36461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3718 - acc: 0.36211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.35631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3721 - acc: 0.35421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.34971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3735 - acc: 0.35201248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.34781280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.35231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.35291344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.34971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3743 - acc: 0.35101408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.35161413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3740 - acc: 0.3517    
Epoch 56/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.2461  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.2396 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3665 - acc: 0.2406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3690 - acc: 0.2415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3709 - acc: 0.2370 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.2284 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.2344 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.2396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.2441 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.2426 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3780 - acc: 0.2431 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.2385 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3796 - acc: 0.2453 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.2440 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3798 - acc: 0.2429 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3808 - acc: 0.2391 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.2383 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3817 - acc: 0.2387 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3844 - acc: 0.2332 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3848 - acc: 0.2315 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.2310 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.2328 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.2344 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.23391024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.23631056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3813 - acc: 0.23581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3814 - acc: 0.23811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3807 - acc: 0.24111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.24051184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3800 - acc: 0.24321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.24261248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3790 - acc: 0.24121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.24691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.24851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.25521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.25731408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3786 - acc: 0.26071413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3787 - acc: 0.2619    
Epoch 57/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3632 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3529 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.4821 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4805  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4688 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4583 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4543 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.4487 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.4625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4570 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.4632 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.4618 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3593 - acc: 0.4605 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3587 - acc: 0.4562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.4568 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3584 - acc: 0.4616 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.4647 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.4622 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.4625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.4615 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3582 - acc: 0.4583 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3579 - acc: 0.4565 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3570 - acc: 0.4558 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4542 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.45061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3569 - acc: 0.45121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3574 - acc: 0.45361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.45311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3560 - acc: 0.45541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3558 - acc: 0.45921184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3560 - acc: 0.45781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3562 - acc: 0.45641248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.45591280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.45781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.45661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.45611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3537 - acc: 0.45781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.45881413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4572    
Epoch 58/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3723 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3701 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3633 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4554 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.4531  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4858 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4844 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4866 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4813 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4766 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4798 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4757 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.4737 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4747 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4688 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4647 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.4622 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4650 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4663 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4653 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4654 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4623 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.45871024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.45701056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.45361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.45131120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.45181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.44881184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.44851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.44411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.44471280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.44221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.43831344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.43971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.43971408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.43821413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4395    
Epoch 59/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.4062 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4196 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4062  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4097 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.4062 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.3958 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4087 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.3996 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4121 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4136 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4219 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4260 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4256 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4290 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4307 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4310 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.4279 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4340 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4297 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4278 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4271 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.42241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.42191056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.42611088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.42561120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.42321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.42011184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.42231216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.42191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.42311280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.42731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.42911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.42931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.42881408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.43041413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4317    
Epoch 60/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5312 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.5365 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.5179 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.5039  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.5000 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5182 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.5024 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.5045 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.5062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.5078 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.5037 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.5000 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4984 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4836 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.4815 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4810 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4779 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4813 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4820 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4792 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4777 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4774 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.48191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.47851056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.48011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.48161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.48131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.48351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.48401216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.48111248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.47841280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.47661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.47641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.47841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.48111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.47941413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.4791    
Epoch 61/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3848 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.4375 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4955 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.5039  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.5069 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.5062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5104 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.5144 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.5045 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.4958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.4945 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4861 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4786 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.4881 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.4901 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3252 - acc: 0.4905 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.4935 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3249 - acc: 0.4950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3251 - acc: 0.4940 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.4965 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.4933 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.4914 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.4896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.49291024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.49611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.49431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.49541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.49381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.49221184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.48991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.48931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.48801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.48831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.48701344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.48441376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.48471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.48081413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4798    
Epoch 62/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3084 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3171 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.4740 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4732 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4805  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4830 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4866 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4824 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4871 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4844 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.4803 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4851 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4858 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4796 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4818 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4796 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4769 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4777 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4774 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4750 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.47681024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.47851056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.47921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.48161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.48131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.48261184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.48401216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.48601248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.48721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.48671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.48701344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.48591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.48981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.49011413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4890    
Epoch 63/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.4500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.4740 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.4554 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4531  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4549 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.4625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.4602 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4688 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.4543 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.4531 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4609 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.4559 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4653 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4671 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4717 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4787 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4810 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4766 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4738 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.4700 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4664 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4676 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.4688 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.46981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.46681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.46971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.47061120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.46961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.46881184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.47041216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.46961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.46791280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.46641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.46881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.47101376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.47381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.47441413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.4742    
Epoch 64/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3705 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.4125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.4323 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3498 - acc: 0.4598 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4414  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.4479 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4659 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4688 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4784 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4688 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3529 - acc: 0.4667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.4648 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4706 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.4757 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.4770 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.4866 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4915 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4905 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4857 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4888 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4904 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4896 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4855 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4838 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.48491024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.48341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.48581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.48811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.48931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.48521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.48651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.48681248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.48641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.48831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.48781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.48811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.48691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.48371413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4848    
Epoch 65/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3863 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3691 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4911 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4883 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4861  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.4714 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4712 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4799 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4813 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4844 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4798 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4705 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4753 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4688 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4688 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4728 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4714 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.4700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.4639 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4699 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4665 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4623 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4635 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.46881024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.46781056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.46781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.46511120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.46611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.46351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.46711216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.46711248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.46961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.46951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.47181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.47401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.47461408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.47511413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.4749    
Epoch 66/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3089 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3075 - acc: 0.5312 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3074 - acc: 0.5062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3078 - acc: 0.5208 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3105 - acc: 0.5089 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3092 - acc: 0.5078  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3114 - acc: 0.5139 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.5031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.5028 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.4880 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.4813 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.4824 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.4706 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4757 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4704 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4641 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.4673 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.4702 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.4647 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4622 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4627 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4699 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4676 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4634 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.45771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.45801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.45931088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.45771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.45891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.45661184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.46281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.46381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.45911280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.46021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.45731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.45761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.46081408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.46241413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4628    
Epoch 67/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3153 - acc: 0.4688 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4583 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4554 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4570  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4722 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.4781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3246 - acc: 0.4948 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.4928 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.4875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4805 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.4816 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4931 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.4934 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.4984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.4926 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.4957 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4891 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.4987 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.5025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.5000 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5012 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5000 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5022 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.50001024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.49711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.49621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.49631120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.49291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.48961184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.48141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.47451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.47521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.47421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.47331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.47471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.47241408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.47371413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4728    
Epoch 68/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.5625 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.5500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.5521 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.5268 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.5195  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.5174 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4818 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4856 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.4933 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.4896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.4902 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.4890 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.4948 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.4875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4792 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4830 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4823 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.4727 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.4675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4700 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.4711 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4721 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4731 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.47581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.47751056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.47821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.48071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.48301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.48611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.48401216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.48361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.48561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.48521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.48091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.48441376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.48691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.49221413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4919    
Epoch 69/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2674 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.4948 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4911 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.5039  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.5139 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.5156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4943 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4948 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.5024 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.5000 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.5021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.5059 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.5129 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3255 - acc: 0.5139 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5148 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3259 - acc: 0.5141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.5119 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5071 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.5095 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.5104 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5108 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5104 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5078 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.5022 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.4958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.49501024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.49511056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.49431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.49541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.49551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.49571184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.49751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.49181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.48721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.48831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.48631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.48811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.48841408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.48721413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4876    
Epoch 70/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3083 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2973 - acc: 0.5625 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3008 - acc: 0.5625 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.5208 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3105 - acc: 0.5312 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3116 - acc: 0.5195  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3135 - acc: 0.5104 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3199 - acc: 0.5057 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.4948 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3235 - acc: 0.4928 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3232 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.4938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4922 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.4982 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.5052 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.4953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4911 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4844 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.4905 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4909 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4844 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4838 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4833 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.4849 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.48491024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.48731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.48581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.48811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.48661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.48961184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.49241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.49261248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.48961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.49061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.48701344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.48591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.48181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.48301413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4834    
Epoch 71/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3242 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3197 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3206 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.4598 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.4648  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4757 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3259 - acc: 0.4801 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3225 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3283 - acc: 0.4854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4785 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4761 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.4774 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4885 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4896 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4986 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.4973 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4935 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4888 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4868 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4919 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4944 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4968 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.49901024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.49901056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.49911088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.49911120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.49821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.49741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.49581216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.49341248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.49121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.48911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.49241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.49481376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.49271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.49431413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.4940    
Epoch 72/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4688 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.5000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.4844 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5000 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.5156  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.5104 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.5125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5085 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.5024 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.5045 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.5104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.5078 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.5074 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.5052 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4984 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4955 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.4972 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4905 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.4909 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4916 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4861 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4877 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4881 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.4885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.48991024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.49221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.48861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.48711120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.48751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.48871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.48901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.48851248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.49201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.49061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.49091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.49261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.49491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.49011413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.4897    
Epoch 73/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2965 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3232 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.4375 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.4643 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3235 - acc: 0.4727 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.4826  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4744 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.4870 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4880 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4844 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4743 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4705 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4753 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4866 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4858 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4864 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4909 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4976 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4942 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4922 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4935 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.49501024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.49411056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.49341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.48901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.49021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.48701184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.48731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.48771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.48561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.48751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.48631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.48881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.49561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.49721413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4961    
Epoch 74/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3180 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.4922 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.5000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3130 - acc: 0.5208 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3094 - acc: 0.5312 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.5117  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3154 - acc: 0.5035 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.4972 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.5026 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3220 - acc: 0.5048 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3219 - acc: 0.5179 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.5208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3223 - acc: 0.5117 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.5055 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4926 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.4929 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.4973 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5026 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.5012 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.5048 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.5012 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.5000 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.5000 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.49801024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.50201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.50281120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.50361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.50691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.50681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.50411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.50561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.50081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.50301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.50221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.50361413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.5046    
Epoch 75/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3111 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3254 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3088 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3125 - acc: 0.4766 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3233 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3156 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3117 - acc: 0.4821 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3103 - acc: 0.4805  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3094 - acc: 0.4965 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.4915 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.4896 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.4911 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.4917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.4863 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3155 - acc: 0.4908 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.4913 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.4844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.4792 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.4858 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.4878 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.4922 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.4900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.4868 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.4838 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.4799 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.4741 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.4688 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3206 - acc: 0.46571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.46391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3233 - acc: 0.46311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3233 - acc: 0.46691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.46431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3258 - acc: 0.46011184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.45351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.45311248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.45591280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.45391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.45661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.45611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.46001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.46161413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4636    
Epoch 76/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3127 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.4219 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3239 - acc: 0.4125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3216 - acc: 0.4375 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.4643 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3204 - acc: 0.4688  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3097 - acc: 0.4861 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3110 - acc: 0.4813 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3140 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.4714 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3150 - acc: 0.4760 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.4710 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.4750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.4785 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3126 - acc: 0.4890 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3119 - acc: 0.4948 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3107 - acc: 0.5016 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3100 - acc: 0.5047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3099 - acc: 0.5045 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3095 - acc: 0.5085 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3093 - acc: 0.5109 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3091 - acc: 0.5117 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3104 - acc: 0.5125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3132 - acc: 0.5132 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.5104 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3150 - acc: 0.5078 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3166 - acc: 0.5086 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.5104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.51211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.50881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.50761088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.51101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3171 - acc: 0.51251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.51481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.51271216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3158 - acc: 0.51641248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.51521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3154 - acc: 0.51561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.51301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3179 - acc: 0.51041376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3185 - acc: 0.51091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.50991413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.5088    
Epoch 77/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3862 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.5312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.5104 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4955 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4922  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.5035 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3466 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.4915 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.4844 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4880 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4866 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.4875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.4883 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.5000 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.5141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.5134 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.5142 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.5109 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5130 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5144 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5162 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.5134 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5119 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.5083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.51011024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.50591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.50191088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.50091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.50541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.50351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.50421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.50331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.50081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.50161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.49921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.50001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.50361413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.5025    
Epoch 78/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3813 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.5062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.4896 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.4866 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.4688  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4583 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.4781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.4818 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.4863 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.4779 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.4826 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4852 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.4750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.4732 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4730 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4796 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4688 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4748 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4792 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4766 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4752 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4740 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.47681024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.47751056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.48011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.48811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.49111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.48961184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.48821216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.49011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.48481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.48281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.48251344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.47991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.47971408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.48581413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4869    
Epoch 79/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3832 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3910 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3764 - acc: 0.4437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3634 - acc: 0.4643 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.4648  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.4813 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.5045 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.5083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.4961 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4853 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4913 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4901 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.5000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.5045 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4986 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4986 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.4988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.4964 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.5000 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.5000 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4957 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.4990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.49501024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.49711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.49811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.49451120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.49021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.48871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.48991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.49181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.49601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.49141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.48931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.48881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.48841408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.49011413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4890    
Epoch 80/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3196 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4375 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4375 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4336  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4583 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4716 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.4760 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.4844 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.4854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.4844 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.4945 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5000 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.5016 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.5047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3252 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.5028 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3213 - acc: 0.5136 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.5169 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.5175 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3201 - acc: 0.5204 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3211 - acc: 0.5150 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3211 - acc: 0.5134 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3209 - acc: 0.5119 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.51311024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.51271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.50761088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3204 - acc: 0.50741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.50621152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.50431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3231 - acc: 0.50171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.50081248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3246 - acc: 0.50081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3242 - acc: 0.50161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.50381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.50221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.50001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.50071413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.5011    
Epoch 81/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3581 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4583 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.4732 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.4727 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4757  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4801 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4777 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4688 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4632 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4566 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.4638 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.4609 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4554 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.4574 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4552 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.4583 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.4537 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4543 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4537 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4509 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.4483 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.4490 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.45161024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.45311056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.45641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.45861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.46071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.46181184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.46201216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.46461248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.46311280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.46481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.46721344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.46651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.46801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.46661413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.4664    
Epoch 82/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3585 - acc: 0.4813 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3530 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3575 - acc: 0.4554 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.4492  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3575 - acc: 0.4444 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3576 - acc: 0.4500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.4489 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4583 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.4663 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4732 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4629 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4540 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4583 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4638 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4628 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4602 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4592 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4583 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.4587 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4603 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4641 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4643 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4634 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.4604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.45561024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.45411056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.45641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.45861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.45541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.45751184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.46111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.46301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.45991280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.46091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.45881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.45831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.45861408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.45951413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4586    
Epoch 83/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3137 - acc: 0.5625 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.5375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.5156 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.5089 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5117  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.5104 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.5062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4943 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.4844 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4760 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4777 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4844 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.4761 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.4826 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.4819 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.4734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.4702 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.4602 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.4552 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.4531 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.4525 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4531 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4525 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.4498 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.4440 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4510 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.45061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.45611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.45741088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.45961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.46251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.46271184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.46281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.45971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.45911280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.45621312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.45731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.45241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.45131408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3525 - acc: 0.45171413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4536    
Epoch 84/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3134 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3078 - acc: 0.6094  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3166 - acc: 0.5833 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3124 - acc: 0.5703 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.5375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.5208 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3157 - acc: 0.5223 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.5000  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.4792 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.4744 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4760 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.4688 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.4688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4805 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4743 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4740 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4786 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4813 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4836 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4830 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4837 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.4818 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.4772 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4757 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4810 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4828 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.47781024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.47361056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.47541088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.47611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.47321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.47221184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.47381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.47621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.47681280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.47581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.47941344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.47621376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.47971408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.47661413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4756    
Epoch 85/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3197 - acc: 0.4922 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3165 - acc: 0.4938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3185 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.4955 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.4961  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.4965 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3180 - acc: 0.4969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3221 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.4792 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4832 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.4875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.4824 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4779 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4826 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.4828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4851 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4872 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4823 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.4779 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4788 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4832 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4792 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.4766 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4741 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.4719 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.47281024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.46971056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.47351088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.47701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.47861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.47401184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.47131216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.47121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.46711280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.46881312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.47331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.47101376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.47171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.47021413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.4706    
Epoch 86/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3950 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3831 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3758 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3608 - acc: 0.4732 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3586 - acc: 0.4727  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.4594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.4489 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.4609 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3638 - acc: 0.4567 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.4598 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3586 - acc: 0.4583 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.4570 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3602 - acc: 0.4632 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.4583 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.4556 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.4562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.4688 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.4645 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.4620 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.4570 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3633 - acc: 0.4550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.4543 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.4537 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.4509 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3664 - acc: 0.4547 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.4562 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3670 - acc: 0.45671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.45801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.46021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.45771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.45801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.45661184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.45861216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.45891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.45911280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3634 - acc: 0.45471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.45501344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3638 - acc: 0.45391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.45421408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3641 - acc: 0.45241413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3638 - acc: 0.4536    
Epoch 87/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.5234 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.5125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.5104 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.5179 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.5156  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.5278 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.5094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.5085 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4952 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.5000 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4961 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4908 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.4896 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4852 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4813 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4792 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4801 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4810 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4753 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.4700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4748 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4769 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4777 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4817 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.48691024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.48541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.48301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.48161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.48211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.48521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.48231216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.48521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.48561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.48281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.48401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.48141376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.47971408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.47511413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4742    
Epoch 88/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3808 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3219 - acc: 0.5312 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3201 - acc: 0.5312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.5104 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5000 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4922  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.5035 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.5000 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.5022 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.5062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.4982 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5000 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.5015 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.5043 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.5068 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.5039 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.5038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.5024 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.5023 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.5011 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5000 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.5031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.50001024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.50001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.50001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.49821120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.49731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.50171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.50081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.50001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.50081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.50081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.50381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.50071376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.50001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.50001413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.5004    
Epoch 89/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3774 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.5156 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.5052 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.5000 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4883  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.4861 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.5028 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.5024 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.5112 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.5104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.5215 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5239 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.5243 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.5197 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5188 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5179 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.5156 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5177 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.5182 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.5175 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5192 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.5208 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.5145 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.5162 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.5115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.51311024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.51461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.51231088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.51101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.50981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.50781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.50341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.50331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.50801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.50781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.50611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.50371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.50151408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.50281413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.5025    
Epoch 90/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3063 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3139 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3037 - acc: 0.5469 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2986 - acc: 0.5625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3050 - acc: 0.5469 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3034 - acc: 0.5491 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3019 - acc: 0.5664  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2960 - acc: 0.5764 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3026 - acc: 0.5625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3053 - acc: 0.5710 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3103 - acc: 0.5547 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3143 - acc: 0.5481 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.5402 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.5333 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.5293 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.5294 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3133 - acc: 0.5330 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.5296 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3192 - acc: 0.5297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3222 - acc: 0.5298 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.5270 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3229 - acc: 0.5285 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.5260 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.5262 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.5264 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.5174 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3246 - acc: 0.5156 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.5140 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.5167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3231 - acc: 0.51921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3256 - acc: 0.51461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.51521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.51751120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.51791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.51821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.51691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.51151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.50801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.50941312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.50841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.50821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.50801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.50851413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.5081    
Epoch 91/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3236 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3019 - acc: 0.6042 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3075 - acc: 0.5703 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.5437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.5312 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.5536 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5312  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5139 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.5125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.5170 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.5130 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.5144 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.5112 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.5137 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.5055 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.5078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.5089 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.5000 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4973 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4952 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4977 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.5045 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.5032 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.5042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.50201024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.50201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.50571088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.50641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.50711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.50691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.50931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.50491248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.49921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.50001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.49921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.49781376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.49851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.49861413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4982    
Epoch 92/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4777 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.4609 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.4688  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4631 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.4531 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.4567 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4665 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4746 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4761 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4740 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4786 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4717 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4744 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4755 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4805 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4808 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4745 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4821 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4881 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.4896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.48991024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.49021056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.48961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.48901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.49021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.49481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.49411216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.49511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.49201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.49381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.49011344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.49261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.48841408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.49081413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4904    
Epoch 93/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2977 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3055 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3201 - acc: 0.5156 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.5125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3214 - acc: 0.4844 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3133 - acc: 0.5045 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.5156  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3258 - acc: 0.5035 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.5031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.4972 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.4880 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.4888 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.4896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.4922 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.5000 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.5049 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.5062 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.5028 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.5014 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.4974 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4892 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.4896 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4888 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4838 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.48491024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.48631056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.48201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.47701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.47501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.47481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.47721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.47941248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.48081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.48281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.48251344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.48361376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.48181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.48221413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.4820    
Epoch 94/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.4500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4643 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4570 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.4444  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.4602 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.4583 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4495 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.4554 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4648 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4706 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4792 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4786 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4777 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4815 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4796 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4831 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.4844 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.4861 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.4866 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.4828 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4813 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.47981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.47951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.48111088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.48811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.49021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.49051184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.49071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.49261248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.49201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.49061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.48931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.48511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.48761408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.48581413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4855    
Epoch 95/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.5469 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3283 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.5089 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.5039  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.4896 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4915 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4888 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.4863 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4890 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4878 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.4918 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.4940 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4929 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.4932 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4948 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.4904 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.4907 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4888 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4871 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.49191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.48831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.49151088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.49451120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.49111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.48961184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.48561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.48521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.48321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.47891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.47481344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.47021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.47171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.47591413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4763    
Epoch 96/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4375 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.4598 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4648  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4757 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4972 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.5000 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4844 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4816 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.4809 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4803 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4732 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4716 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4674 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4622 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4587 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4663 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4711 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4777 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4828 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.47381024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.47461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.47441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.47431120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.47591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.47741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.47971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.48191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.47921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.48051312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.47561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.47541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.47311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.47021413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4699    
Epoch 97/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.4554 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4648 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4549  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.4594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3249 - acc: 0.4688 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4688 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4712 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.4710 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.4771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3255 - acc: 0.4785 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3246 - acc: 0.4779 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.4809 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3240 - acc: 0.4753 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.4750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3252 - acc: 0.4688 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3222 - acc: 0.4716 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.4728 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.4727 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.4650 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.4651 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.4618 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.4621 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.4612 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.4615 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.45771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.45901056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.45741088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.45861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.45621152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.45401184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.45021216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.44571248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.44551280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.44141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.44361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.44351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.44911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.44601413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4466    
Epoch 98/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2626 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2864 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3148 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3166 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3132 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3206 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3240 - acc: 0.4464 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3242 - acc: 0.4492 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.4549  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.4531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4460 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.4349 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4327 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4442 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4551 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4559 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.4549 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4523 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4509 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.4531 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4538 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4557 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.4600 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4579 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4525 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.4531 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4504 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4479 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.45061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.44921056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.44981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.44671120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.45181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.45311184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.45441216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.45231248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.45271280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.45311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.45351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.45311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.45061408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.44741413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4473    
Epoch 99/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2991 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3149 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4219 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4196 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4297  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.4306 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.4460 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.4349 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3251 - acc: 0.4327 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3242 - acc: 0.4330 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.4250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.4219 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.4210 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.4184 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4194 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4286 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4276 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4321 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4310 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4288 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.4279 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4317 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.4286 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4267 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4313 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.43651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.43951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.43661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.43291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.43481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.43751184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.43751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.44001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.44231280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.44141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.44361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.44421376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.44841408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.45031413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4494    
Epoch 100/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.4375 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.4437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4509 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4531  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4766 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4663 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4576 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4531 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4485 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4479 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4507 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4554 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4545 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4565 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4609 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4612 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4591 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4583 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4609 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4601 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.45361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.44921056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.44791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.44941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.45001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.45231184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.45781216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.46221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.46471280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.46251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.46421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3498 - acc: 0.46801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.46661408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.46881413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.4692    
Epoch 101/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2814 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3010 - acc: 0.5781  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.5833 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3221 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.5563 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.5417 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.5402 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.5234  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.5243 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.5031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4943 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.5026 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3564 - acc: 0.5024 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3581 - acc: 0.4978 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3576 - acc: 0.5021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.5037 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.4983 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.4844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.4881 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.4872 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.4878 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4831 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.4775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.4808 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.4873 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4900 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4881 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.4865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.48991024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.48731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.48771088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.48621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.48571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.48261184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.48231216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.48031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.48161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.48201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.48401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.48511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.48471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.48441413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4848    
Epoch 102/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3561 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3599 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3565 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.4955 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3530 - acc: 0.5156 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.5174  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.5375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.5256 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.5286 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.5312 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.5312 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.5292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.5234 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.5184 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.5087 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4938 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4866 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4815 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.4796 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4753 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.4750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4724 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4745 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.4754 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4720 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.4760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.47981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.48441056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.48201088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.48161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.48571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.48441184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.48311216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.48441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.48481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.48751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.48551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.48661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.48691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.48791413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4876    
Epoch 103/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 12s - loss: 0.3236 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3209 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3123 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3156 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.4777 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.4688 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.4792  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3221 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.4844 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.4832 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4777 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.4961 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.4908 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4861 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.4875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4896 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.4901 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.4932 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.4935 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.4975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4976 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4942 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4955 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4925 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.4917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.49091024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.49021056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.48961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.48991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.48841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.48701184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.49491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.49421248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.49761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.49841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.49851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.49781376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.49711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.49641413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.4954    
Epoch 104/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3220 - acc: 0.4766 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3125 - acc: 0.4938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3130 - acc: 0.4948 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3117 - acc: 0.4688 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3096 - acc: 0.4766  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.4744 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.4792 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.4856 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3184 - acc: 0.4844 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.4896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.4844 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3204 - acc: 0.4871 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.4983 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3204 - acc: 0.4967 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3207 - acc: 0.4953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5000 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5000 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.5078 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.5088 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.5084 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3180 - acc: 0.5081 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.5056 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3213 - acc: 0.5011 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3207 - acc: 0.4969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.49901024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.50101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3179 - acc: 0.50471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3185 - acc: 0.50181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3180 - acc: 0.50451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.50691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.50421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.50331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3184 - acc: 0.50241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.50621312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.50761344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.50521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.50581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.50431413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5032    
Epoch 105/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2887 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3067 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2929 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2952 - acc: 0.5234 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2976 - acc: 0.5312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2973 - acc: 0.5312 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3045 - acc: 0.5223 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3055 - acc: 0.5234  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3101 - acc: 0.5104 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.4938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.5057 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3139 - acc: 0.5052 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3157 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.4979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.5098 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3140 - acc: 0.5110 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.5066 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.5016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5015 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3201 - acc: 0.4986 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.4986 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3209 - acc: 0.4974 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.4938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.4940 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3209 - acc: 0.4954 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3222 - acc: 0.4955 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3214 - acc: 0.4978 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.4969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.49291024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3207 - acc: 0.49611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.49721088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.49261120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.49551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.49651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.49751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.49671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3252 - acc: 0.49521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3255 - acc: 0.49451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.49391344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3256 - acc: 0.49481376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.49781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3232 - acc: 0.49861413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.4996    
Epoch 106/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2848 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3146 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3175 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3112 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3093 - acc: 0.4813 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3030 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2997 - acc: 0.5134 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3088 - acc: 0.4961  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3014 - acc: 0.5104 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3049 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3013 - acc: 0.5000 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3031 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3058 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3057 - acc: 0.4978 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3031 - acc: 0.5104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3035 - acc: 0.5059 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3081 - acc: 0.4982 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3090 - acc: 0.4965 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3079 - acc: 0.4967 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3111 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3123 - acc: 0.4926 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3130 - acc: 0.4957 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.4918 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3125 - acc: 0.4935 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3116 - acc: 0.4975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3114 - acc: 0.5000 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3108 - acc: 0.4988 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3128 - acc: 0.4944 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3111 - acc: 0.4989 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.4948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.49191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.49511056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.49431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.48991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.49201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.48871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.48991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3165 - acc: 0.49011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.48721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.49141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.49011344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3171 - acc: 0.48961376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3155 - acc: 0.49131408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3154 - acc: 0.49081413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3156 - acc: 0.4904    
Epoch 107/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3093 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2958 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2971 - acc: 0.5625 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2951 - acc: 0.5625 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2840 - acc: 0.5625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2982 - acc: 0.5208 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2944 - acc: 0.5491 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2894 - acc: 0.5625  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2899 - acc: 0.5625 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2924 - acc: 0.5563 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.2988 - acc: 0.5398 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.2984 - acc: 0.5286 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3025 - acc: 0.5144 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3054 - acc: 0.5045 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3072 - acc: 0.5000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3112 - acc: 0.4961 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3130 - acc: 0.5000 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.5017 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.5000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.5060 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.5057 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.5068 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.5026 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.5038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3192 - acc: 0.5012 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.5012 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.5045 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.5054 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.5062 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.50101024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3184 - acc: 0.50101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3179 - acc: 0.49621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.49911120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.49551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3171 - acc: 0.49481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.49321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.49181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.49281280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.49611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.49921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.49931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.49781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.49791413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3165 - acc: 0.4968    
Epoch 108/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3498 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3602 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.4188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4241 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4453  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4340 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4261 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4297 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.4399 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.4420 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.4609 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3220 - acc: 0.4669 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.4601 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3211 - acc: 0.4572 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.4562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.4598 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.4688 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.4688 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3135 - acc: 0.4818 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.4800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3155 - acc: 0.4772 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3130 - acc: 0.4838 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3149 - acc: 0.4833 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3145 - acc: 0.4838 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3145 - acc: 0.4865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3144 - acc: 0.49291024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3134 - acc: 0.49611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.49621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.49911120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3124 - acc: 0.50181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3140 - acc: 0.49831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.49751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3153 - acc: 0.49671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3141 - acc: 0.49761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3147 - acc: 0.49691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3153 - acc: 0.49621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3144 - acc: 0.49851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3144 - acc: 0.49851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3134 - acc: 0.50141413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.5004    
Epoch 109/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3099 - acc: 0.5729 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3235 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3133 - acc: 0.5687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.5312 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3158 - acc: 0.5179 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.5078  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.5035 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.5062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3156 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.5104 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.5168 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.5223 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3192 - acc: 0.5188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3224 - acc: 0.5117 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.5129 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3233 - acc: 0.5156 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3235 - acc: 0.5148 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.5125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5149 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.5185 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.5217 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.5195 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.5162 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5192 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3185 - acc: 0.5197 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.5179 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3166 - acc: 0.5172 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.5146 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.51511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3158 - acc: 0.51461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3145 - acc: 0.51891088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3157 - acc: 0.51651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3157 - acc: 0.51431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.51481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3157 - acc: 0.51271216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3153 - acc: 0.51321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3146 - acc: 0.51281280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.51091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.50911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3155 - acc: 0.50891376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3150 - acc: 0.50801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.50571413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.5060    
Epoch 110/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3142 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.4766 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3143 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.4866 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3142 - acc: 0.5078  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.5069 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3145 - acc: 0.5062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3085 - acc: 0.5284 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3082 - acc: 0.5208 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3063 - acc: 0.5120 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3057 - acc: 0.5067 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3058 - acc: 0.5083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3087 - acc: 0.4980 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3091 - acc: 0.5000 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3106 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.4918 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.4875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.4926 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.4957 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3188 - acc: 0.4959 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.4922 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3194 - acc: 0.4963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3216 - acc: 0.4964 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3196 - acc: 0.4988 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3200 - acc: 0.5000 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.5011 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3220 - acc: 0.4990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3236 - acc: 0.49801024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3220 - acc: 0.49901056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.49531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.49631120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.49551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.49481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.49491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3211 - acc: 0.50251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3213 - acc: 0.50241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.50471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3204 - acc: 0.50461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3192 - acc: 0.50301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.50511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.50711413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.5074    
Epoch 111/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3192 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3085 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3046 - acc: 0.5156 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3106 - acc: 0.5125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3081 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3023 - acc: 0.5045 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3016 - acc: 0.5195  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3007 - acc: 0.5312 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3014 - acc: 0.5312 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3078 - acc: 0.5199 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3065 - acc: 0.5260 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3127 - acc: 0.5216 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.5156 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.5104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.5059 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.5037 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.5082 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.5125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3150 - acc: 0.5134 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3175 - acc: 0.5071 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.5054 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.5000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.5060 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.5069 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3175 - acc: 0.5011 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5065 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3179 - acc: 0.5115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.51211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.50981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3188 - acc: 0.50951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.51291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.51701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3179 - acc: 0.51301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.51181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.50821248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.50801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.50551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.50611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.50521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3188 - acc: 0.50441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3199 - acc: 0.50361413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3200 - acc: 0.5025    
Epoch 112/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3157 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2914 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3130 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3215 - acc: 0.4766 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3099 - acc: 0.5062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4688 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.4609  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4618 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.4858 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.4948 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3219 - acc: 0.5024 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.4978 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.4979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.4922 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.4890 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3188 - acc: 0.4931 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.4984 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.5000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.5074 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3133 - acc: 0.5114 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3170 - acc: 0.5054 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.5026 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.5050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3175 - acc: 0.5024 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3180 - acc: 0.5000 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.5011 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3185 - acc: 0.5000 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.5042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.50711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.50391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.50571088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.50741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3199 - acc: 0.50981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3200 - acc: 0.50871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.50681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3200 - acc: 0.50741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.50481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3219 - acc: 0.50551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.50461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.50151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.50291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3231 - acc: 0.50431413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.5039    
Epoch 113/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2539 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2994 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3041 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.4922 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3134 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.4688 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.4648  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3146 - acc: 0.4757 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3156 - acc: 0.4688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3166 - acc: 0.4688 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.4661 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3150 - acc: 0.4688 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3126 - acc: 0.4710 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3116 - acc: 0.4688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3079 - acc: 0.4766 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3059 - acc: 0.4835 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3080 - acc: 0.4792 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3118 - acc: 0.4819 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3104 - acc: 0.4844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3115 - acc: 0.4851 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3132 - acc: 0.4872 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.4837 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3122 - acc: 0.4896 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3110 - acc: 0.4900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3114 - acc: 0.4904 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3126 - acc: 0.4896 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3141 - acc: 0.4877 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3148 - acc: 0.4892 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3134 - acc: 0.4958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3123 - acc: 0.50301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3119 - acc: 0.50201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3116 - acc: 0.50001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3140 - acc: 0.49721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3149 - acc: 0.50001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.49831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.49751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.49841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.49921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.50231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.50151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.50071376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3206 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.50141413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.5011    
Epoch 114/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3137 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.4766 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.5045 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3145 - acc: 0.5273  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.5347 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.5156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3160 - acc: 0.5260 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.5072 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.5134 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3153 - acc: 0.5167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.5137 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3174 - acc: 0.5147 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3187 - acc: 0.5139 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5115 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3224 - acc: 0.5134 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.5185 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.5136 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.5104 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3197 - acc: 0.5100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3192 - acc: 0.5072 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.5035 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3197 - acc: 0.5112 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5140 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.5135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3185 - acc: 0.51611024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.51171056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3182 - acc: 0.51521088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.51561120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3216 - acc: 0.50891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.50691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.50171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.50161248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.50161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.50161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3251 - acc: 0.49851344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.50151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.49931413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.4989    
Epoch 115/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3244 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3165 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.5260 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.5312 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4961 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.4965  320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4952 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4945 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4948 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.4951 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4970 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.5014 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4986 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4987 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4988 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.4977 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.5045 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5022 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.49801024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.50001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.50741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.50541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.50261184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.50341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.49591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.49601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.49611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.49391344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3256 - acc: 0.49701376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.49781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.49641413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.4961    
Epoch 116/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3039 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3131 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5052 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4911 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4961  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4896 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.4858 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4948 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4832 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4902 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4816 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4878 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4885 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4955 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4886 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4918 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4896 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4892 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4873 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4844 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4817 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.48691024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.48931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.48581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.49171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.49381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.49311184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.49321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.49751248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.50321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.50081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.50231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.50151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.50151408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.50001413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5004    
Epoch 117/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3570 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3549 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.4844 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.4821 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3537 - acc: 0.4727  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4757 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.4688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.4744 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4688 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4736 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4754 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4813 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.4908 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4948 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.4951 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4881 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.4886 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.4878 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.4870 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.4900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4940 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4907 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4944 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.4946 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.4948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.49801024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.49611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.49241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.48901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.48931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.49131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.49581216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.49341248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.49681280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.49611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.49541344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.49631376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.49711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.49571413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.4961    
Epoch 118/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3898 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4911 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.4648  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3530 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.4688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4830 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.4818 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.4777 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.4707 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.4761 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.4826 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4852 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4938 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4926 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.5000 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.5000 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.5050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.5036 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.5058 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.5033 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.5032 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.5010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.50401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.50881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.50571088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.50741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.50711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.50521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.50421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.50331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.50321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.50311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.50301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.50221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.49711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.49431413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4940    
Epoch 119/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4922 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.4509 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.4414  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.4549 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4801 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4712 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.4732 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4805 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4798 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4931 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4762 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.4759 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4769 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.4805 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4868 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4919 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4933 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4892 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.4885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.48991024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.48731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.48391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.48621120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.48481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.48351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.48561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.48601248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.48081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.48131312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.47941344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.47771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.47821408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.48011413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4798    
Epoch 120/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2818 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3011 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4010 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4107 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4141  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4201 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4261 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.4349 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4423 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4509 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.4646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4609 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.4596 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4653 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4688 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.4643 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.4688 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4755 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4805 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4856 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4826 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.4788 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.4774 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4813 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.48191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.48441056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.48481088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.48901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.48571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.48521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.47971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.48191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.48241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.47971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.48091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.47991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.48041408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.48301413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4827    
Epoch 121/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2984 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3211 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4323 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4375 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4609  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4766 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4712 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4688 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.4688 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4688 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4705 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4688 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4702 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4702 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4701 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4727 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4763 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4808 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4838 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.4866 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4849 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.4823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.48191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.47751056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.47731088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.47891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.48211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.47921184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.47971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.48031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.47921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.47971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.47561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.47251376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.46951408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.47161413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.4706    
Epoch 122/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3689 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4323 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4509 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4375  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4444 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4659 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4661 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4639 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.4464 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.4500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4570 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4614 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4549 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.4523 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.4562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3466 - acc: 0.4539 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4588 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.4579 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.4583 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4579 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.4606 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4542 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4569 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4573 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.46071024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.45701056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.45931088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.46231120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.46431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.46441184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.46281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.46221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.46151280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.46171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.46491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.46281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3550 - acc: 0.46511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.46241413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.4636    
Epoch 123/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.4188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.4219 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3766 - acc: 0.4375 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.4180  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3845 - acc: 0.4028 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3864 - acc: 0.4031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3840 - acc: 0.4148 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3838 - acc: 0.4219 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.4255 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3802 - acc: 0.4263 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.4188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.4199 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3794 - acc: 0.4265 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.4236 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3795 - acc: 0.4260 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3832 - acc: 0.4297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3800 - acc: 0.4315 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3789 - acc: 0.4375 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.4348 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3799 - acc: 0.4427 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.4537 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3738 - acc: 0.4519 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3740 - acc: 0.4502 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.4531 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.4558 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3704 - acc: 0.4552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.45561024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3681 - acc: 0.46001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.45741088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.45591120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.45541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3656 - acc: 0.45831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.46111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.45891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3638 - acc: 0.46071280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.46171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3628 - acc: 0.46271344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.46431376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3604 - acc: 0.46801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.46521413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3600 - acc: 0.4664    
Epoch 124/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.4896 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4955 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4883  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.4896 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.4844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.4832 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4844 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4844 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4798 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.4809 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4852 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4821 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.4815 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4810 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4727 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.4763 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4748 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4734 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.4732 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.4731 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4688 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.46881024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.46881056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.46501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.46691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.46431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.47221184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.47381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.47291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.47201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.47421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.47561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.47321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.47171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.47091413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.4713    
Epoch 125/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3659 - acc: 0.4375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.4598 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3575 - acc: 0.4688  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3587 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.4631 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4531 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.4519 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4554 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.4646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4707 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.4743 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4722 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.4737 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.4719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4702 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.4688 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.4715 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4714 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4688 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4736 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.4722 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.4688 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3498 - acc: 0.4666 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4677 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.46771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.46971056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.46781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.46511120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.46341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.46531184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.46371216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.46381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.46881280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.46721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.46951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.47171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.47531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.47661413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4749    
Epoch 126/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3051 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3152 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3169 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.4844 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.4777 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3207 - acc: 0.4844  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.4722 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3242 - acc: 0.4781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.4659 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.4661 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4543 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.4665 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.4668 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4632 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.4688 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.4655 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4625 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4583 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4560 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4606 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4622 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.4625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4603 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4630 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4643 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.4623 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.4635 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.46271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.45801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.45931088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.46141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.46161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.46441184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.46541216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.46381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.46631280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.46881312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.46721344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.46731376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.47091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.47021413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4699    
Epoch 127/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3214 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3573 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3575 - acc: 0.4250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.4427 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4286 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3574 - acc: 0.4336  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.4306 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4403 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.4401 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.4399 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.4576 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.4542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.4512 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.4632 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.4566 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.4638 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4673 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.4716 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4742 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4727 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.4662 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4700 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4688 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4665 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.4688 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.46071024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.46001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.45641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.45771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.45801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.46011184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.46111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.46301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.46391280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.46481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.46191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.46351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.46441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.46381413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.4628    
Epoch 128/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2613 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2741 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2928 - acc: 0.5625 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2916 - acc: 0.5469 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2903 - acc: 0.5375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.2993 - acc: 0.5052 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3078 - acc: 0.4911 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3100 - acc: 0.4883  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3206 - acc: 0.4722 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.4625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.4659 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4557 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.4519 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4420 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4434 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4430 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.4427 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4490 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4547 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4539 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4531 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4484 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4531 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4525 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4531 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4502 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4498 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4515 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.45161024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.45021056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.44511088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.44581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.44821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.44791184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.45021216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.45231248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.45191280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.45231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.45121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.44871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.45061408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.44891413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4494    
Epoch 129/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.4420 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4375  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3615 - acc: 0.4306 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.4406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.4290 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.4323 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.4375 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.4353 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.4354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4375 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.4412 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.4444 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.4441 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.4469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.4449 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.4418 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.4457 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.4440 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.4462 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4447 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4444 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4487 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.4418 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.4385 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.44051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.44141056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.44031088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.44211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.44201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.44271184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.44761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3466 - acc: 0.45071248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.45271280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.45161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.45051344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.44871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.45131408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.45031413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.4508    
Epoch 130/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3706 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3610 - acc: 0.4250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3687 - acc: 0.3958 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.3884 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.4102  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3571 - acc: 0.4306 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3580 - acc: 0.4313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3582 - acc: 0.4261 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3587 - acc: 0.4271 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3620 - acc: 0.4255 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3588 - acc: 0.4286 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.4292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.4199 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4265 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.4271 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4293 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.4315 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.4276 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.4307 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4336 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4462 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4507 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.4491 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.4453 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.4472 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4510 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.45061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.44631056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.44411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.44761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.44731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.44881184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.45021216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.44821248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.44711280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.44841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.44971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.45011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.45201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.45171413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.4515    
Epoch 131/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4922 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4813 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.4241 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.4141  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3586 - acc: 0.4062 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3618 - acc: 0.4094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.4119 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.4219 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4279 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.4219 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.4250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3620 - acc: 0.4238 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3622 - acc: 0.4301 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.4392 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3575 - acc: 0.4474 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3534 - acc: 0.4484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3538 - acc: 0.4464 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4489 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4565 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.4466 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.4525 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.4447 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.4491 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3525 - acc: 0.4531 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.4580 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.46171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.46191056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.46501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.46421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.46431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.46091184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.46451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.46301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.46311280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.46251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.46111344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.46061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.46001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.45881413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.4586    
Epoch 132/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3525 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3584 - acc: 0.4740 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3724 - acc: 0.4554 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3673 - acc: 0.4688  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.4722 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3633 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.4915 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.5026 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.4978 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.4979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4761 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.4705 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3587 - acc: 0.4688 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3594 - acc: 0.4656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3576 - acc: 0.4688 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3561 - acc: 0.4688 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3586 - acc: 0.4647 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3592 - acc: 0.4661 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4637 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.4639 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.4595 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4565 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4580 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3604 - acc: 0.4562 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.46171024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.45901056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.45741088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3608 - acc: 0.45591120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.45541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.45051184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.44851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.44901248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.44631280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.44691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3619 - acc: 0.44741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.44791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3615 - acc: 0.45201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3615 - acc: 0.45241413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3615 - acc: 0.4515    
Epoch 133/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3525 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.4313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.4583 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.4509 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.4648  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3534 - acc: 0.4618 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.4531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.4602 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.4505 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3584 - acc: 0.4591 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3619 - acc: 0.4509 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.4458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.4492 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.4522 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.4531 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3632 - acc: 0.4457 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.4484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.4464 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3602 - acc: 0.4446 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.4429 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3599 - acc: 0.4362 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3619 - acc: 0.4350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3603 - acc: 0.4387 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.4352 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3621 - acc: 0.4386 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3603 - acc: 0.4418 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3604 - acc: 0.4385 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.43551024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.43951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3582 - acc: 0.43841088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3571 - acc: 0.44211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.44021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.44531184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.44431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3547 - acc: 0.44651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.44471280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.44451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3582 - acc: 0.44051344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3573 - acc: 0.44421376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3571 - acc: 0.44551408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.44531413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3561 - acc: 0.4466    
Epoch 134/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3916 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3560 - acc: 0.4643 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3610 - acc: 0.4492  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.4306 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.4344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.4318 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4323 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.4303 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4442 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.4458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.4414 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.4449 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.4427 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4391 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.4313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.4360 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.4403 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.4321 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.4310 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3549 - acc: 0.4300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.4315 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3581 - acc: 0.4352 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3569 - acc: 0.4397 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3570 - acc: 0.4364 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.4417 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3566 - acc: 0.44461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3580 - acc: 0.44041056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.43841088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3590 - acc: 0.44031120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3602 - acc: 0.43751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.44101184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3586 - acc: 0.44091216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3581 - acc: 0.44331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3562 - acc: 0.44951280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.45231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.45431344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.45311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.44991408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.44891413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3564 - acc: 0.4494    
Epoch 135/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4329 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3801 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3821 - acc: 0.3906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.3795 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3824 - acc: 0.3867  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3856 - acc: 0.3924 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3876 - acc: 0.3937 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3853 - acc: 0.3949 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3808 - acc: 0.4010 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.4038 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.4129 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.4188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3750 - acc: 0.4219 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3715 - acc: 0.4228 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.4306 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3643 - acc: 0.4326 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3636 - acc: 0.4297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3632 - acc: 0.4345 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3618 - acc: 0.4304 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3623 - acc: 0.4293 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.4297 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3611 - acc: 0.4300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3590 - acc: 0.4351 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.4363 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.4364 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.4407 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3599 - acc: 0.4406 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.44561024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.44731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3586 - acc: 0.44601088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.44491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.44371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3582 - acc: 0.44531184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3583 - acc: 0.44431216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3574 - acc: 0.44651248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3586 - acc: 0.44631280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3596 - acc: 0.44301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.43981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.43821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.43821408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3615 - acc: 0.43541413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3614 - acc: 0.4352    
Epoch 136/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3040 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3087 - acc: 0.5833 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3128 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.5000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.5052 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3188 - acc: 0.5000 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.4922  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4861 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.4688 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.4714 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.4639 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4531 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4414 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4449 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4462 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4474 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.4500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4509 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4517 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.4524 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.4492 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.4487 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.4471 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.4444 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.4431 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.4429 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3543 - acc: 0.4417 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3537 - acc: 0.44051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.44531056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.44601088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.44491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.44201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.44621184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.44341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.44331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.44471280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.44371312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.44361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.44491376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.44771408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.45031413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.4508    
Epoch 137/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3584 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.4323 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.4286 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.4336  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.4410 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.4469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.4261 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.4271 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.4207 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3674 - acc: 0.4286 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.4271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.4219 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.4301 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.4323 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.4359 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3599 - acc: 0.4406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.4390 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.4389 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.4416 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3561 - acc: 0.4466 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3562 - acc: 0.4447 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3537 - acc: 0.4491 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3525 - acc: 0.4509 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.4515 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.4479 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.44251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.43751056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.44131088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.44301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.44371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.44791184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.44681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3525 - acc: 0.44821248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.44791280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.44611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.44511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.44571376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.44551408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.44891413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.4494    
Epoch 138/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4375 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4509 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4609  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.4602 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4635 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4495 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.4509 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.4500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.4395 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.4338 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.4392 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.4326 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.4281 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.4256 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3537 - acc: 0.4176 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.4198 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4271 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.4275 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.4255 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.4271 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.4252 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4321 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4375 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.43551024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.43361056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.43561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.43841120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.43841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.44181184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.44001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.43911248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.44151280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.44371312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.44361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.44271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.44111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.44181413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4416    
Epoch 139/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4375 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.4250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4271 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4330 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4180  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.4444 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4233 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4271 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4327 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4353 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.4375 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4375 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4427 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.4408 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.4406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.4420 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.4403 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.4361 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4349 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3474 - acc: 0.4450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4471 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4491 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.4520 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.4472 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4510 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.45061024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.45211056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.44791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.44671120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.44821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.44971184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.45271216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.45391248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.45511280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.45551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.45431344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.45311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.45281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.45241413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.4515    
Epoch 140/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3118 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.4219 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.4125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3549 - acc: 0.4323 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4420 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3590 - acc: 0.4297  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4306 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.4219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3592 - acc: 0.4205 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.4271 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.4351 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.4308 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3590 - acc: 0.4292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4375 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.4393 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.4375 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.4474 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3561 - acc: 0.4422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4420 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4361 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.4416 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4466 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.4425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4447 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.4433 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4442 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4472 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.4510 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.45261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.45121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.45171088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.45131120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.45001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3475 - acc: 0.45401184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.45951216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.45971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.45751280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.45621312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.45731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.45541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.45711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.45951413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4607    
Epoch 141/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3640 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3641 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4948 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.4866  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4727 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4757 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.4801 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.4661 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4639 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4754 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4668 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.4632 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.4583 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.4589 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.4609 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.4598 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4574 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.4538 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.4557 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.4550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.4543 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.4537 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4475 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.4515 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4500 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.44861024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.45121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.45271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.45311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.45271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.45311184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.45441216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.45311248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.45351280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.45391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.45501344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.45391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.45281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.45101413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.4515    
Epoch 142/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3087 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3214 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.5312 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.5125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.4896 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4955  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.5117 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.4861 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4813 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4801 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4948 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.4978 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5018 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4931 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.4781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.4747 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4688 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.4647 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4622 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4637 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.4675 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4653 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4598 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4558 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4542 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.45361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.45411056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.44981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.45311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.45361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.45141184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.44851216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.44821248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.44791280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.44691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.44661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.44421376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.44481408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.44531413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4437    
Epoch 143/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4286  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.4258 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4410 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.4156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4205 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4193 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4231 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4152 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.4125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4043 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.3989 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.3958 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4030 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.4062 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4092 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4062 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4062 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.3984 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.3975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.3978 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.4005 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.4040 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4041 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.40021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.40141056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.39961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.39891120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.40091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.40021184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.40121216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.39971248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.40061280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.39921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.39561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.39291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.39031408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.39281413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3505 - acc: 0.3914    
Epoch 144/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.3875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4115 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.4107  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.3828 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.3854 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.3844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.3693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3569 - acc: 0.3672 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.3630 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.3616 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.3646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.3691 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.3713 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3518 - acc: 0.3785 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.3832 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.3937 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.3973 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.3963 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.3995 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.3984 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.4002 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4016 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.3984 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.3976 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.3969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.39521024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.39551056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.39681088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.39611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3507 - acc: 0.39291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.39411184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.39611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.39881248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.39821280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.39611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.39481344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3488 - acc: 0.39881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.39751408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.39631413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.3956    
Epoch 145/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4844 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4643  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4727 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.4618 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4517 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4401 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.4375 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.4353 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4238 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4265 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4288 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4309 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.4344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4345 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.4361 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3456 - acc: 0.4361 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4310 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.4325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4327 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.4306 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.4275 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.4224 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.4250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.42741024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.42681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.42711088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.43011120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.43211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.43401184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3466 - acc: 0.43331216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.43171248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.43111280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.43051312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.43221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.43011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.43391408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.43471413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4338    
Epoch 146/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3685 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4464 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4453  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.4340 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3560 - acc: 0.4281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4318 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4349 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4375 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3486 - acc: 0.4420 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.4396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4238 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.4173 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4288 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3539 - acc: 0.4276 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3534 - acc: 0.4234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.4241 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4233 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.4348 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.4323 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.4325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4291 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.4259 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4263 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.4235 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.42941024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.43071056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.43091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.43381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.43481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.43841184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.44001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.43671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.43591280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.43591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.43451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.43751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.43971408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.44251413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4430    
Epoch 147/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3742 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3584 - acc: 0.3937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.4115 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3583 - acc: 0.4152  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3591 - acc: 0.4023 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3592 - acc: 0.4028 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.4125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.4205 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4427 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4399 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4375 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4355 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4357 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.4288 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4243 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.4297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4345 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4290 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4239 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4180 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4188 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4243 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4294 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.4286 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4256 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4271 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.42341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.43261056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.43181088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.42921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.43391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.43491184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.43671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.44001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.43991280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.43831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.43601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.43821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.44111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.44321413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4444    
Epoch 148/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.4330  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4492 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.4618 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3233 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.4830 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.4766 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.4784 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3206 - acc: 0.4844 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.4917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.4902 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3221 - acc: 0.4816 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.4809 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.4753 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.4734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.4762 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4716 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.4688 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.4701 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.4713 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.4675 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3283 - acc: 0.4641 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.4654 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4612 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.4594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.45771024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.45901056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.45451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.45591120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.45541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.45491184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.45611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.45231248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.45031280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.45081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.45271344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.44941376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.44911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.45031413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4508    
Epoch 149/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3116 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3007 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3053 - acc: 0.4297 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3013 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3038 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3083 - acc: 0.4509  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3146 - acc: 0.4648 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.4583 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3146 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3156 - acc: 0.4659 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3164 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.4856 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.4866 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.4896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3215 - acc: 0.4883 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.4816 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.4809 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.4836 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.4844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4821 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.4773 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.4769 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.4701 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4663 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4630 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4643 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4612 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.4583 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.45461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.45511056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.45271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.45221120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.44821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.44701184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.44761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.44821248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.44871280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.44691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.44821344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.44791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.44841408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.44821413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4487    
Epoch 150/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3214 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3220 - acc: 0.4688 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.4688 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.4766  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.4500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4517 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4531 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.4495 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4531 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.4458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.4414 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4449 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4427 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4441 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4494 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.4474 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4470 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4583 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4567 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4595 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4576 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4547 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.45671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.45311056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.45641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.45401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.45541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.45401184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.45351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.45231248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.45271280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.45311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.44891344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.44871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.44911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.44821413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4487    
Epoch 151/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3909 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3661 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3469 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4821  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4766 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4792 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4792 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.4880 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.4933 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.4785 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.4724 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.4722 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.4704 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4762 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.4773 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.4783 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4766 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4763 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4724 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4734 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4721 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4741 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.47581024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.47951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.47921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.48071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.48131152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.48351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.48651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.48521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.48961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.48751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.48781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.48661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.49061408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.49221413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.4919    
Epoch 152/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3249 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5729 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.5703 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.5375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.5260 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3176 - acc: 0.5312 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5312  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3184 - acc: 0.5243 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.5125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.5142 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3236 - acc: 0.5000 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.4911 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.4938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.4980 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.5018 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.4983 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.4934 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4985 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3249 - acc: 0.5000 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3283 - acc: 0.4959 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4935 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.4875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.4868 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.4850 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4821 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4795 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.47981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.47951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.47731088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.48071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.47951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.48001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.48231216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.48191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.48001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.47811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.47871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.47771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.47891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.48221413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4834    
Epoch 153/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5104 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.5268 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5273  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5243 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5142 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5234 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.5264 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.5268 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.5208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.5098 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.5074 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5139 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.5115 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.5062 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.5015 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4886 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4891 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4909 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.5000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4964 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4919 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4933 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.4946 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.48591024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.48631056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.48111088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.47981120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.48041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.48181184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.48061216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.47941248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.47921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.47731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.47641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.47401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.47171408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.47231413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.4713    
Epoch 154/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2750 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.6094  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3255 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3222 - acc: 0.5234 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3168 - acc: 0.5500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.5260 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3190 - acc: 0.5312  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3148 - acc: 0.5312 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.5243 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.5094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3216 - acc: 0.5085 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.5078 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5048 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.5000 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.5000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.5000 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5037 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4983 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.4951 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.4984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.4957 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.5014 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4987 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4916 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4954 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.4989 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5011 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.4990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.49291024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.49221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.48961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.48811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.48661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.48181184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.47551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.47701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.47921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.47811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.47711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.47771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.47671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.47801413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4791    
Epoch 155/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3511 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3457 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4896 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4911  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4961 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.4965 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.5000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.4830 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4766 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4688 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4777 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4707 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4724 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4705 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4753 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4762 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4830 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4905 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4896 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4952 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4942 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4967 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4968 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.49601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.49511056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.49531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.49171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.49291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.49131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.48821216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.49011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.49281280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.49221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.49161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.49261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.49061408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.48931413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.4876    
Epoch 156/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3224 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3167 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3163 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3201 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3212 - acc: 0.5312 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.5089 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.5000  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5000 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.5000 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.5000 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4952 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.5062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4980 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.4908 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4844 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4836 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4938 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.4955 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4957 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4986 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.5013 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.5088 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.5036 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5000 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4989 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4968 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.49091024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.49021056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.49051088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.48991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.49291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.49131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.49321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.48931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.48961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.49221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.49241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.49401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.49061408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.49151413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4912    
Epoch 157/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3198 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.4598 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.4570  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4631 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4635 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.4663 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4598 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4668 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4688 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.4670 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.4786 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4940 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.4943 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.5000 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5078 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.5096 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3251 - acc: 0.5093 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.5056 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.5054 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.5073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.50301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.50201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.50001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.50281120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.49821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.49831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.49161216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.49181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.49201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.49221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.49011344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.49181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.48981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.48931413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4897    
Epoch 158/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4955  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.5039 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.5139 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.5062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.5182 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5144 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5201 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.5273 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.5165 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.5174 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.5066 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.5078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.5060 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4972 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.5000 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4974 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4940 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4977 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.4944 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4935 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.49801024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.49511056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.49811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.49541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.49021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.48961184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.49161216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.49011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.49041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.49301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.49391344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.49181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.48981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.49081413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4912    
Epoch 159/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4844 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.5052 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.5000 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.5117  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.5139 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.5156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.5156 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5120 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.5067 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.5021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.5000 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4982 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.5017 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.5016 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.5015 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.5000 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.4959 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4922 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4916 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4931 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4978 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4925 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.4906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.48991024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.48441056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.48391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.47791120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.47771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.47741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.48061216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.47861248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.48321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.48671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.48861344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.48661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.48691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.48441413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4848    
Epoch 160/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4643 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4688  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.4792 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.4844 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4911 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4785 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4779 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.4809 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4868 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4940 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4943 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.4932 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.4935 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.4900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4880 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4861 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4844 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4838 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.4854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.48491024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.48631056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.48391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.48351120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.48661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.48701184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.48991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.48771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.48801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.48831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.48931344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.48741376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.48621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.49011413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.4904    
Epoch 161/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3161 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3175 - acc: 0.4938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.4948 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.4866 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3229 - acc: 0.4961  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.5035 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4858 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4880 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.4911 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.5000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4961 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4896 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.4967 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4926 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4872 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.4905 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4948 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4964 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.4965 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4911 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.4978 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.49091024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.48731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.48961088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.48901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.48571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.48441184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.48141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.48441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.48161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.48201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.48321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.48511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.48621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.48791413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4890    
Epoch 162/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2581 - acc: 0.6875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3020 - acc: 0.5938  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3180 - acc: 0.5521 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3115 - acc: 0.5703 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.5500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3251 - acc: 0.5312 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3177 - acc: 0.5357 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3259 - acc: 0.5156  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3235 - acc: 0.5174 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3219 - acc: 0.5094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5028 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.5130 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.5024 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.5067 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3279 - acc: 0.5000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.4961 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.5018 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.5066 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3255 - acc: 0.5062 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5134 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3239 - acc: 0.5170 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3240 - acc: 0.5190 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5195 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3249 - acc: 0.5188 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.5144 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.5116 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.5089 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.5032 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3256 - acc: 0.5042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.50201024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.50101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.50091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.49631120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.49291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.48701184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.48901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.49011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.49281280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.49301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.49391344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.49401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.49491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.49501413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.4940    
Epoch 163/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2763 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3139 - acc: 0.6250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3085 - acc: 0.6042 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3108 - acc: 0.5469 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3097 - acc: 0.5500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3127 - acc: 0.5365 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3180 - acc: 0.5357 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3140 - acc: 0.5352  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3135 - acc: 0.5347 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.5156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3236 - acc: 0.5199 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.5156 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.5216 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.5089 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.5146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5039 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.5055 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.5017 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5099 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.5094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5104 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5114 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5082 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.5130 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5112 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.5156 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.5139 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.5123 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.5097 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.5094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.50811024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.50681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.50661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.50741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.50451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3304 - acc: 0.50691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.50761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.50661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.50881280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.50471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.50611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.50671376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.50291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.50001413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.5004    
Epoch 164/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3529 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.4766 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.5000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4896 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4821  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4922 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4896 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.5142 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.5156 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.5072 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5022 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.4958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5000 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.4896 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4852 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4881 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.4773 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4810 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4922 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.4938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.4916 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4988 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4989 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.5000 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.5042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.50401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.49901056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3428 - acc: 0.49811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.50181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.50091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.49831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.49921216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.49751248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.49761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.49691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.49621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.49781376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.50221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.50141413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.5011    
Epoch 165/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3640 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3462 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.5312 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.5250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.5156 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.5134  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5273 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.5243 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.5250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.5227 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.5234 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.5192 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.5179 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.5167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.5117 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.5018 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.4983 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4934 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.5031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.5000 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.5041 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.5052 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.5038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.5060 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.5046 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.5056 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.5032 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.5000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.49901024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.50391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.50281120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.50181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.49831184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.49751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.49921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3366 - acc: 0.49761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.50311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.50151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.50371376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.50001413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5011    
Epoch 166/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.5521 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.5156 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.5312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.5417 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3259 - acc: 0.5402  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.5352 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3200 - acc: 0.5278 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3213 - acc: 0.5256 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5182 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.5096 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.5156 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.5188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3285 - acc: 0.5176 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.5129 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5087 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.5115 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.5172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.5149 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.5227 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.5149 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.5117 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3275 - acc: 0.5125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.5120 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.5139 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3258 - acc: 0.5123 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.5119 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3281 - acc: 0.5094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.51211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.51071056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.50091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.50091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.50001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.50081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.49921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.49601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.49451312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.49471344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.49551376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.49781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.49931413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4982    
Epoch 167/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3530 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.4643  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4648 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4716 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.4714 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.4736 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4863 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4853 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4896 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4885 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4813 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4896 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.4929 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4918 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.4925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.4904 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4942 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4955 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.4925 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.4958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.50101024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.50291056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.50191088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.50281120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.50361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.50431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.50341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.50491248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.50161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.50231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.50151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.50151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.49711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.50001413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.5011    
Epoch 168/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3016 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.4792 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.4813 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4688  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4648 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4618 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4744 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4661 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4639 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.4598 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.4648 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4651 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4705 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4720 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.4719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.4747 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4759 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4769 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4792 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4820 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4780 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4777 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.4752 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.47181024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.47461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.47821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.47981120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.48301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.48781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.48481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.48681248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.48641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.48981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.48551344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.48811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.48981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.48791413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4890    
Epoch 169/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3855 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3727 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3844 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.4250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.4323 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.4286  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3558 - acc: 0.4336 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.4410 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4460 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4427 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4519 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3431 - acc: 0.4509 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.4570 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.4577 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.4618 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4655 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4613 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4645 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4620 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4688 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.4688 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.4724 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4792 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.4810 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.4806 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.4813 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.47981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.47851056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.47921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.48161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.47951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.48001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.48141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.48521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.48401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.48751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.49161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.48881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.48761408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.48581413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4841    
Epoch 170/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.5938  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4922 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3254 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.5156 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5134  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3193 - acc: 0.5234 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.5035 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.5125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3199 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.4974 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3223 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4911 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.4854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.4922 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3259 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3243 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3254 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.5016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.4970 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3213 - acc: 0.4972 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3226 - acc: 0.4986 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3223 - acc: 0.4974 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.4938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3239 - acc: 0.4952 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3255 - acc: 0.4954 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3246 - acc: 0.4978 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.4935 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3255 - acc: 0.4938 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.48791024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.48731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3253 - acc: 0.48771088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3246 - acc: 0.48811120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.48661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3239 - acc: 0.48701184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.48821216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.48931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3251 - acc: 0.48721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.48831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3257 - acc: 0.48861344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3259 - acc: 0.48961376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.48911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3260 - acc: 0.48931413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.4897    
Epoch 171/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3183 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3108 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3137 - acc: 0.4844 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3094 - acc: 0.5000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3082 - acc: 0.4844 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3179 - acc: 0.4821 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.4883  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3128 - acc: 0.5000 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3123 - acc: 0.4844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3117 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3105 - acc: 0.4922 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3113 - acc: 0.4904 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3105 - acc: 0.4933 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3119 - acc: 0.4917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3114 - acc: 0.4902 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3115 - acc: 0.4908 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.4826 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3173 - acc: 0.4753 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3159 - acc: 0.4813 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3197 - acc: 0.4688 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3196 - acc: 0.4659 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3181 - acc: 0.4701 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3199 - acc: 0.4648 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3192 - acc: 0.4713 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.4700 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.4711 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3221 - acc: 0.4743 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.4784 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.4781 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3199 - acc: 0.47981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3202 - acc: 0.48141056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3200 - acc: 0.48581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3218 - acc: 0.48441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3228 - acc: 0.48391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3233 - acc: 0.48181184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.48231216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3231 - acc: 0.48361248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.48641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3237 - acc: 0.48591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3245 - acc: 0.48781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3238 - acc: 0.48811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3250 - acc: 0.48691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.48651413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4862    
Epoch 172/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3289 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.4688 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4766 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.4420 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.4570  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4583 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3283 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3283 - acc: 0.4886 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.4818 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3274 - acc: 0.4856 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.4888 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.4875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.5000 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5030 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5114 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.5109 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5117 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.5138 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3258 - acc: 0.5120 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.5139 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3263 - acc: 0.5112 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.5086 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.5062 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.50911024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.51071056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.51231088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.51471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.51521152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.51131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.50761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.50251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.49921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.50161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.50151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.50221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.49641408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.49431413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4947    
Epoch 173/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3910 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3932 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.4062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3891 - acc: 0.4167 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.4241  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.4375 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3820 - acc: 0.4410 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3735 - acc: 0.4562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.4631 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3654 - acc: 0.4661 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3619 - acc: 0.4688 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.4688 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3633 - acc: 0.4625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.4590 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3608 - acc: 0.4651 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3580 - acc: 0.4688 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3576 - acc: 0.4671 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.4656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3579 - acc: 0.4732 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4759 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.4688 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.4727 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.4688 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3603 - acc: 0.4772 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.4815 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3593 - acc: 0.4821 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.4806 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3570 - acc: 0.4823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.47981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3592 - acc: 0.47561056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3582 - acc: 0.47541088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3569 - acc: 0.47701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3583 - acc: 0.47771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.48351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3564 - acc: 0.48141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.48111248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3547 - acc: 0.48481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.48751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.48701344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.48741376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.48691408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3514 - acc: 0.48721413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.4869    
Epoch 174/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2958 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.5781  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.5052 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.5134  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.5156 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.5174 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3423 - acc: 0.5156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.5142 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.5182 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.5144 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.5045 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.4941 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.4982 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4983 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3420 - acc: 0.4967 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.5016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.5045 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.5043 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.5027 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.5025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4976 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4954 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4955 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4968 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.4979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.50201024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.50291056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.50001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.50181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.50361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.50091184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.50001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.49671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.49601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.49841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.49771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.49851376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.50281413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.5039    
Epoch 175/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3096 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3064 - acc: 0.4844  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3105 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3172 - acc: 0.5156 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3120 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3063 - acc: 0.5365 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3107 - acc: 0.5357  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3128 - acc: 0.5430 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3128 - acc: 0.5382 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.5281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3254 - acc: 0.5284 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3220 - acc: 0.5260 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3252 - acc: 0.5240 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.5246 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.5117 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3258 - acc: 0.5165 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.5087 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.5115 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.5125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.5119 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.5043 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5095 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.5104 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.5100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.5072 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.5058 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.5056 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.5043 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.5073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.50401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.50591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.50661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.51191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.50801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.50871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.50681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.50741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.50641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.50621312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.50531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.50671376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.50441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.50501413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.5039    
Epoch 176/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3712 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.4479 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.4792 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4688  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4492 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4583 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.4716 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.4661 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4591 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.4621 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3439 - acc: 0.4688 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4743 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.4774 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4786 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4859 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4851 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.4872 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.4864 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4805 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.4856 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.4861 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.4877 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.4871 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.4927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.49701024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.49511056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.49811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.50091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.49911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.49651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.50341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.50491248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3337 - acc: 0.50641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.50551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.50381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.50221376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.50441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.50711413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.5067    
Epoch 177/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3599 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.5563 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.5573 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3277 - acc: 0.5580 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.5547  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3227 - acc: 0.5556 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3206 - acc: 0.5437 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3186 - acc: 0.5483 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3240 - acc: 0.5417 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5361 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5312 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.5229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5293 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.5294 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3287 - acc: 0.5312 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.5230 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3288 - acc: 0.5253 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.5199 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.5204 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5156 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5150 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.5156 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3298 - acc: 0.5139 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.5089 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5086 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.5083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.50401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.50681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.50851088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.50641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.50541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.50611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.50931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.50901248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.50721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.50861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.50691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.50971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.51091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.50921413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.5074    
Epoch 178/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3217 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3132 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3058 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3075 - acc: 0.5625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.5417 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.5268  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.5352 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5139 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.5031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.4943 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4844 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4866 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.4792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.4727 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.4761 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.4774 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.4852 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4896 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.4943 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.5041 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.5062 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.5000 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4931 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4922 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.4968 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.5021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.50101024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.50101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.50641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.50711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.50871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.50841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.50581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.50401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.50621312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.50231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.50151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.50441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.50501413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.5032    
Epoch 179/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.4896 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4844 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.4938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4844 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.4955  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.5039 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.4896 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.4969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.5057 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5026 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.4952 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.5022 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.5062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4980 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3445 - acc: 0.5037 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.5087 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3434 - acc: 0.5066 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.5078 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.5000 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.5054 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.5091 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.5108 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.5139 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.5134 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.5086 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.5104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.50911024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.50591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.50181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.50271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3319 - acc: 0.50691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.50681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.51071248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.50641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.50941312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.50531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.50001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.50151408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.50001413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.5004    
Epoch 180/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3239 - acc: 0.5563 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.5521 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.5357  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.5312 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.5243 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.5281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.5369 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5312 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.5240 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.5246 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.5250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.5195 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.5129 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.5122 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5115 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.5156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.5119 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5142 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.5054 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.5026 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.5000 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.4942 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.4955 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.4935 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.4865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.49091024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.48931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.49151088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.49261120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.49111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.49221184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.49581216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.49591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.50001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.50391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.50301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.50301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.50291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.50431413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.5039    
Epoch 181/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2917 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2869 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3066 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3072 - acc: 0.5000 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3213 - acc: 0.4500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.4420  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.4492 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3266 - acc: 0.4583 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3312 - acc: 0.4594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.4688 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.4712 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3254 - acc: 0.4754 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.4729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3268 - acc: 0.4727 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3282 - acc: 0.4706 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3291 - acc: 0.4705 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.4655 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3296 - acc: 0.4750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3311 - acc: 0.4762 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.4844 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.4837 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4857 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.4900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.4940 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.4954 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.4989 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.5000 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.5000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.50201024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.49801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3313 - acc: 0.49811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.49541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.49381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.49571184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.49921216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.49841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.49921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3306 - acc: 0.49841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.50301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.50451376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3308 - acc: 0.50291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.50071413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5011    
Epoch 182/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.2857 - acc: 0.6562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3407 - acc: 0.5156  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3071 - acc: 0.5469 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3162 - acc: 0.5250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3241 - acc: 0.5417 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3318 - acc: 0.5179  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.5234 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3267 - acc: 0.5208 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.5156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3309 - acc: 0.5000 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5104 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.5048 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.4978 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.4958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.5059 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.4982 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.4983 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5049 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3377 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.5014 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.5041 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.5039 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.5012 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3351 - acc: 0.5012 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.4977 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.4967 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.4957 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.4927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.49291024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3363 - acc: 0.48731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.48771088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.48901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.48841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.48781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.48991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.49011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3341 - acc: 0.49121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.49531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.49771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.50151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3329 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.50211413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.5032    
Epoch 183/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3793 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3522 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5521 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3487 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4813 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.4777  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4688 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.4719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.4659 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.4844 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4832 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.4844 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.4883 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4890 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.4878 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.4885 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.4906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.4792 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4830 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4823 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4844 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.4825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.4808 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.4792 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4833 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4838 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.4823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.47981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.48141056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.47821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.48161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.48211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.48611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.48821216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3339 - acc: 0.49101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.49441280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.49381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.49771344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.49781376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.50221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.50281413/1413 [==============================] - 12s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.5032    
Epoch 184/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4000 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3730 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.4688 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.4922 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3421 - acc: 0.4844 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.5134  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.4922 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.5104 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.5031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5199 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3305 - acc: 0.5156 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.5168 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3353 - acc: 0.5112 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.5083 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.5078 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.5055 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.5035 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.5066 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.5031 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.5014 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3391 - acc: 0.4946 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4948 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.4988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.4988 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3354 - acc: 0.4942 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.4955 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.4968 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.5010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.50001024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.50591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3300 - acc: 0.50001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3307 - acc: 0.50001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3322 - acc: 0.50091184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.50081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3327 - acc: 0.50081248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.50001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3342 - acc: 0.50001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.49921344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3347 - acc: 0.49931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.50071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.50071413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.5011    
Epoch 185/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3136 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3265 - acc: 0.5521 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.5375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3276 - acc: 0.5260 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3262 - acc: 0.5223  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3252 - acc: 0.5195 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3210 - acc: 0.5208 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3157 - acc: 0.5281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3171 - acc: 0.5284 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3195 - acc: 0.5339 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3214 - acc: 0.5337 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3203 - acc: 0.5379 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3230 - acc: 0.5333 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.5293 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3246 - acc: 0.5276 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.5243 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3264 - acc: 0.5247 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.5172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5193 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3295 - acc: 0.5185 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3292 - acc: 0.5177 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.5195 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3301 - acc: 0.5188 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3269 - acc: 0.5216 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3272 - acc: 0.5174 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3290 - acc: 0.5190 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3273 - acc: 0.5194 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3297 - acc: 0.5177 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.52121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3303 - acc: 0.51951056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3323 - acc: 0.51991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.52021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.51881152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.51821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.51601216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.51731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3350 - acc: 0.51601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.51091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.50691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.50821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.50651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.50431413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.5053    
Epoch 186/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3587 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3571 - acc: 0.4531 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.4635 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.4554  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4727 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.4688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3459 - acc: 0.4716 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3500 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.4875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.4902 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4871 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3471 - acc: 0.4931 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4885 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.4891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.4896 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4886 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4864 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.4922 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3427 - acc: 0.4976 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.4988 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.4989 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.5043 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.5031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.50301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.50591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.50191088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.49911120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.50181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.50611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.50761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.51231248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.50961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.50861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3355 - acc: 0.51371344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.50891376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.50801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.50711413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.5074    
Epoch 187/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3223 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3123 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3278 - acc: 0.5312 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3280 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.5312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3261 - acc: 0.5573 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3294 - acc: 0.5491  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3232 - acc: 0.5430 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3229 - acc: 0.5417 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3286 - acc: 0.5469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3299 - acc: 0.5511 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.5312 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3332 - acc: 0.5264 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3310 - acc: 0.5290 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3328 - acc: 0.5208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3315 - acc: 0.5215 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3302 - acc: 0.5221 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3314 - acc: 0.5226 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3321 - acc: 0.5181 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.5125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3356 - acc: 0.5119 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3336 - acc: 0.5170 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.5163 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3326 - acc: 0.5117 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3317 - acc: 0.5088 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.5084 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3324 - acc: 0.5093 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3348 - acc: 0.5078 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.5086 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.5052 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.50001024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.49611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.50001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.50091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3374 - acc: 0.50181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.50521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.50681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.50491248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.50161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.50471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.50461344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.50601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.50651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.50711413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.5074    
Epoch 188/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3115 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3052 - acc: 0.6354 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3025 - acc: 0.6328 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3135 - acc: 0.6188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3151 - acc: 0.5990 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3131 - acc: 0.5714  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3239 - acc: 0.5547 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3247 - acc: 0.5521 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3270 - acc: 0.5500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3349 - acc: 0.5455 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.5365 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3386 - acc: 0.5433 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.5357 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.5312 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.5391 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.5331 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.5330 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.5362 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3432 - acc: 0.5297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.5342 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.5312 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.5326 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.5260 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3385 - acc: 0.5175 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.5168 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.5139 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.5134 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5151 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.5156 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3340 - acc: 0.51411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3335 - acc: 0.51071056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3367 - acc: 0.50951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.51101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.51161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.51131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.50761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.50661248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3379 - acc: 0.50881280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.50701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3393 - acc: 0.50531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.50301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3384 - acc: 0.50581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.50361413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.5032    
Epoch 189/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3079 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3373 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3338 - acc: 0.5208 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3397 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.5156 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3419 - acc: 0.5045  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.4922 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.4826 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.4781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.4744 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.4792 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.4854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3502 - acc: 0.4883 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3504 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.4913 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3484 - acc: 0.5000 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3451 - acc: 0.5000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.5030 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3409 - acc: 0.5057 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3398 - acc: 0.5068 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.5026 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3442 - acc: 0.4963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.5024 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.5000 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3405 - acc: 0.5011 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3401 - acc: 0.4978 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.5000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3380 - acc: 0.50101024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.50491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.50471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.50551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3378 - acc: 0.49911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3371 - acc: 0.49741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3383 - acc: 0.49661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3390 - acc: 0.49511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.49521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.49531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.49621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.49931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.50001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.50141413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.5018    
Epoch 190/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3938 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3640 - acc: 0.5312  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3453 - acc: 0.5729 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.5375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3667 - acc: 0.5312 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.5134  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3643 - acc: 0.5117 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.5278 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.5219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3603 - acc: 0.5227 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.5156 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.5168 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.5112 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3534 - acc: 0.5146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3546 - acc: 0.5117 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3516 - acc: 0.5129 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.5122 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.5099 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3479 - acc: 0.5016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.5000 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.5085 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4973 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.5000 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.4988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3452 - acc: 0.5024 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.5012 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.5000 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.5032 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.5104 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3406 - acc: 0.50811024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.50391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3395 - acc: 0.50471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.50371120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.49911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.49911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.50251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.50161248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.50321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.50551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3411 - acc: 0.50381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3399 - acc: 0.50301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.50441408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.50281413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.5039    
Epoch 191/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3751 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3748 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3840 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.4453 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.4562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.4643  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.4766 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.4653 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4801 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3542 - acc: 0.4870 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3526 - acc: 0.4856 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.4866 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3524 - acc: 0.5042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.5059 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.5037 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.5052 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3527 - acc: 0.5049 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3513 - acc: 0.5094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3494 - acc: 0.5074 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.5028 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.5041 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.5013 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3499 - acc: 0.5012 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3491 - acc: 0.5048 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.5000 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4978 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3495 - acc: 0.4989 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.5010 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.50401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.50681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.50191088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.50181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3447 - acc: 0.50271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3460 - acc: 0.50001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3464 - acc: 0.50001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3467 - acc: 0.49841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.49601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.49611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.49701344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.49701376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3450 - acc: 0.49931408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.49501413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3458 - acc: 0.4954    
Epoch 192/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3033 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3234 - acc: 0.5625  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3178 - acc: 0.5417 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3029 - acc: 0.5547 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3138 - acc: 0.5437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3191 - acc: 0.5417 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3189 - acc: 0.5357  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3284 - acc: 0.5273 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3271 - acc: 0.5347 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.5312 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5365 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3343 - acc: 0.5457 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.5402 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3388 - acc: 0.5371 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.5276 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3422 - acc: 0.5295 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3455 - acc: 0.5230 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.5141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.5104 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.5128 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.5082 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.5078 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.5050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3549 - acc: 0.5012 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.4965 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.4955 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.4892 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3551 - acc: 0.4875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.48191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.48051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.47921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3559 - acc: 0.47981120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.48041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.48001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3547 - acc: 0.48231216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3541 - acc: 0.48031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3556 - acc: 0.47601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3550 - acc: 0.47581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.47711344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3552 - acc: 0.47771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3565 - acc: 0.47531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3560 - acc: 0.47511413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4742    
Epoch 193/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3316 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3205 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3361 - acc: 0.5104 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.4844 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3512 - acc: 0.4688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.4583 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.4509  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3643 - acc: 0.4531 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3629 - acc: 0.4514 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3620 - acc: 0.4656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.4545 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.4479 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.4591 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3669 - acc: 0.4621 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.4625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3684 - acc: 0.4609 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3698 - acc: 0.4577 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3713 - acc: 0.4514 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3688 - acc: 0.4539 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3703 - acc: 0.4469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3726 - acc: 0.4375 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.4347 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3714 - acc: 0.4402 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3749 - acc: 0.4362 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3739 - acc: 0.4363 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.4363 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.4306 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3759 - acc: 0.4263 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.4181 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.4125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.41031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.40431056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3804 - acc: 0.39771088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3810 - acc: 0.39611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3816 - acc: 0.39551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.38981184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3837 - acc: 0.38601216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3827 - acc: 0.38731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3824 - acc: 0.38541280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3840 - acc: 0.38121312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3837 - acc: 0.37731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3829 - acc: 0.37501376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3828 - acc: 0.37211408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3841 - acc: 0.36791413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3843 - acc: 0.3673    
Epoch 194/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3496 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3763 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3958 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3958 - acc: 0.2687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.2604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.2679  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3953 - acc: 0.2734 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.4002 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.2687 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.2670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3961 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3989 - acc: 0.2612 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.2500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.2598 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2610 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.2639 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3953 - acc: 0.2681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3982 - acc: 0.2656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.2723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3965 - acc: 0.2741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.2704 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3950 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.2762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3960 - acc: 0.2740 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3968 - acc: 0.2720 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.2679 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.2726 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.2708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3984 - acc: 0.27021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.26861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.27461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.27941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3962 - acc: 0.28211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3961 - acc: 0.28121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.27961216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3955 - acc: 0.27961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.28451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3924 - acc: 0.28671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3917 - acc: 0.28961344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3907 - acc: 0.29021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3905 - acc: 0.29001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3911 - acc: 0.28841413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3912 - acc: 0.2880    
Epoch 195/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3777 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3557 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3655 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.3500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.3490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.3527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3592 - acc: 0.3398  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3602 - acc: 0.3368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3632 - acc: 0.3281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3628 - acc: 0.3381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3608 - acc: 0.3438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3618 - acc: 0.3438 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3619 - acc: 0.3527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.3500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.3496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3592 - acc: 0.3456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.3385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.3405 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.3422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3625 - acc: 0.3497 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3640 - acc: 0.3466 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3438 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.3438 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.3425 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3637 - acc: 0.3413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.3380 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.3371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.3362 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3668 - acc: 0.3365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3678 - acc: 0.33671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.33891056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.34001088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3677 - acc: 0.34191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3682 - acc: 0.33931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3666 - acc: 0.34291184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3649 - acc: 0.34541216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.34051248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.33971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.34141312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3646 - acc: 0.34531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3642 - acc: 0.34671376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3658 - acc: 0.34451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3648 - acc: 0.34381413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.3447    
Epoch 196/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3588 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3613 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3773 - acc: 0.4375 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3768 - acc: 0.4375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3747 - acc: 0.4479 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.4598 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.4531  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3697 - acc: 0.4656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3670 - acc: 0.4688 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3638 - acc: 0.4808 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3644 - acc: 0.4821 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.4896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3683 - acc: 0.4902 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.4963 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3663 - acc: 0.4965 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3657 - acc: 0.4951 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3645 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.4940 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3635 - acc: 0.4915 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3624 - acc: 0.4918 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3639 - acc: 0.4909 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3616 - acc: 0.4975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3606 - acc: 0.4940 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3600 - acc: 0.4896 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3617 - acc: 0.4877 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3610 - acc: 0.4914 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3612 - acc: 0.4896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.49191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3590 - acc: 0.49121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3580 - acc: 0.49241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.49081120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.48841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.48441184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.48561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.48441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3605 - acc: 0.48161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3603 - acc: 0.48201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3609 - acc: 0.48021344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3601 - acc: 0.48291376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3607 - acc: 0.48261408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3598 - acc: 0.48581413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3600 - acc: 0.4862    
Epoch 197/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3710 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3660 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3652 - acc: 0.4609 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3671 - acc: 0.4437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4896 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3630 - acc: 0.4732 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3588 - acc: 0.4766  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3595 - acc: 0.4722 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.4744 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3545 - acc: 0.4740 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3561 - acc: 0.4712 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3573 - acc: 0.4710 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3572 - acc: 0.4708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.4707 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.4743 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3548 - acc: 0.4670 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3520 - acc: 0.4688 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.4688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3461 - acc: 0.4762 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3444 - acc: 0.4744 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3437 - acc: 0.4742 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3441 - acc: 0.4714 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3466 - acc: 0.4700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3454 - acc: 0.4736 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4745 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3465 - acc: 0.4799 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.4784 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.4844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3463 - acc: 0.48191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3473 - acc: 0.48341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3472 - acc: 0.48301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3490 - acc: 0.48251120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3478 - acc: 0.48571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3483 - acc: 0.48521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3481 - acc: 0.49071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3489 - acc: 0.48681248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.48401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3493 - acc: 0.48591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3506 - acc: 0.48781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3521 - acc: 0.48591376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3530 - acc: 0.48401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.48511413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.4848    
Epoch 198/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3597 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.4583 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.4688 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.4750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3476 - acc: 0.4896 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3425 - acc: 0.4955  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3468 - acc: 0.4688 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3503 - acc: 0.4688 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.4750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3509 - acc: 0.4801 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4870 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3482 - acc: 0.4976 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3440 - acc: 0.4955 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3436 - acc: 0.4980 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4926 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3429 - acc: 0.4878 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3430 - acc: 0.4934 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3402 - acc: 0.4969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.4940 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3372 - acc: 0.4986 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3362 - acc: 0.5027 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3359 - acc: 0.5026 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3331 - acc: 0.5038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3345 - acc: 0.5024 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3346 - acc: 0.5000 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3352 - acc: 0.4989 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3360 - acc: 0.4946 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.4938 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.49401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3358 - acc: 0.49801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3369 - acc: 0.50381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3375 - acc: 0.50641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3368 - acc: 0.51071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.50521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.50171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3381 - acc: 0.50001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3382 - acc: 0.50001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.50001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.50231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.50071376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3404 - acc: 0.50221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3394 - acc: 0.50361413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3392 - acc: 0.5039    
Epoch 199/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3779 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3704 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3755 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4219 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3594 - acc: 0.4188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.4427 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3533 - acc: 0.4688  256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3589 - acc: 0.4609 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4722 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3573 - acc: 0.4656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.4773 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4766 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3497 - acc: 0.4760 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3501 - acc: 0.4732 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3477 - acc: 0.4833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3485 - acc: 0.4785 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.4816 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3480 - acc: 0.4809 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.4770 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3532 - acc: 0.4859 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3534 - acc: 0.4821 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3555 - acc: 0.4830 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3568 - acc: 0.4796 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3553 - acc: 0.4818 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3560 - acc: 0.4850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3561 - acc: 0.4844 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3567 - acc: 0.4826 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3578 - acc: 0.4821 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3573 - acc: 0.4784 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3563 - acc: 0.4792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3554 - acc: 0.47881024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3540 - acc: 0.48141056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.48391088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3535 - acc: 0.48441120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3528 - acc: 0.48571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3544 - acc: 0.48611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3525 - acc: 0.48901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3515 - acc: 0.49101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3536 - acc: 0.48961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3523 - acc: 0.49221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3531 - acc: 0.49311344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3519 - acc: 0.49401376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3517 - acc: 0.49201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3510 - acc: 0.49151413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3508 - acc: 0.4912    
Epoch 200/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3248 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3426 - acc: 0.5469  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 11s - loss: 0.3293 - acc: 0.5625 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3400 - acc: 0.5391 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.5188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3470 - acc: 0.5000 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 10s - loss: 0.3492 - acc: 0.4688 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3438 - acc: 0.4883  288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3418 - acc: 0.4896 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 9s - loss: 0.3370 - acc: 0.4938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3320 - acc: 0.5114 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5130 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3334 - acc: 0.5168 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 8s - loss: 0.3330 - acc: 0.5201 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3376 - acc: 0.5104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.5059 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3389 - acc: 0.5129 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 7s - loss: 0.3364 - acc: 0.5122 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3357 - acc: 0.5197 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3333 - acc: 0.5172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 6s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5179 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3325 - acc: 0.5199 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3344 - acc: 0.5136 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3365 - acc: 0.5130 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 5s - loss: 0.3387 - acc: 0.5112 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3396 - acc: 0.5132 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.5116 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3408 - acc: 0.5089 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 4s - loss: 0.3412 - acc: 0.5108 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.5083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3414 - acc: 0.50601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3403 - acc: 0.50591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.3417 - acc: 0.50091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3410 - acc: 0.50001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.49731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3435 - acc: 0.50001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3448 - acc: 0.49661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3443 - acc: 0.49671248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3449 - acc: 0.49681280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3446 - acc: 0.50161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3433 - acc: 0.50301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.50301376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3424 - acc: 0.50291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.50141413/1413 [==============================] - 11s - loss: 0.3413 - acc: 0.5018    
 32/158 [=====>........................] - ETA: 0s 64/158 [===========>..................] - ETA: 0s 96/158 [=================>............] - ETA: 0s128/158 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s158/158 [==============================] - 0s     
[[ 0.40575728  0.0350749   0.17425409 ...,  0.05402455  0.11399536
   0.02488598]
 [ 0.09229314  0.02774886  0.03449147 ...,  0.00571929  0.56639767
   0.03382523]
 [ 0.09229323  0.02774888  0.03449162 ...,  0.00571932  0.56639725
   0.03382525]
 ..., 
 [ 0.40575725  0.0350749   0.17425409 ...,  0.05402455  0.11399537
   0.02488598]
 [ 0.09229327  0.02774888  0.03449168 ...,  0.00571933  0.56639713
   0.03382526]
 [ 0.09229345  0.0277489   0.03449193 ...,  0.00571936  0.56639647
   0.03382531]]
(158, 8)
Hamming Similarity 0.470464135021
