Using Theano backend.
==> loading glove
==> glove is loaded
utils.py::create_vector => 10002 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1000480 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100a02 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 100member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 102engr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 105degree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106206 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 106b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 108b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109a209a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 109b209b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 10th19th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 110y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 112212 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 113213 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 11700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 121b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 122m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 123pubpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 129b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12r is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 12thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 130c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 131p is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 134a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 138a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 14001600 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 140a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 145b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150a355a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 150c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 151251 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152252 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 152w is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 153253 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 154athis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 160a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16151868 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 164089 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 165d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 16thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 170b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 177277 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17991837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 17thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18131837 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 181655 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 182c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18301840s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 185b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 186165 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18641918 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1868present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 18member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 190f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192021 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192065 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1920iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 192a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19361939 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 194b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19591962 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 195c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1965present is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196669 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 196abc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 197577 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 19thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 1d3d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 200word is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 201314 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2013iquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20152016 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20162017 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 20thcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 212c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 217a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcenturies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 21stringed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 227a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 229x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 23123 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 232t is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 236sethicsoc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24n is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 24voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 261h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 263h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 267b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 271b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 272h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 274h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277d is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 277s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 279h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 285h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 2oc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31ab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 31x is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 323h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 330605 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 354430 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 36of is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 3there is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 400000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 430550pm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 43143 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 44y is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 45b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 480460 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4950 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4th15th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 4unit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5001000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50member is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 50voice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51102b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 51h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 52h is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 5page is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 6001500 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 70q is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a1level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 74a2level is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 750000 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 82c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 94b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => 95c is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aacutelvaro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abcdnp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abdelkebir is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aboutdiscuss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abovethis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => abstractionnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => achillesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionadventure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actionangle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => activitynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actordirector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actualism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => actup is missing
utils.py::create_vector => acuitymusicality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addictionsiquestboth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => addins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adimi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => adventurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aestheticstylistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africanamericans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => africancaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrocaribbean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afrohispanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropessimism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => afropolitanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agehave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ageold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => agoiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aimeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => airsea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aketleystanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alandalus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alarabicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aldicircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aleramos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alienationreconciliation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aljahiz is missing
utils.py::create_vector => allocationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alloriginal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => almodoacutevars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alqaida is missing
utils.py::create_vector => alrightquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ameacuterico is missing
utils.py::create_vector => americanborn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => amstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => analogiquesttoiquestdigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ancientnbsppastoral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnenglish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnrevise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => andnsociocultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => animalattached is missing
utils.py::create_vector => answersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antialiasing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antifootbinding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiforeign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiglobilization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antijewish is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antilynching is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antiobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antipsychiatryand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antislave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => antisoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => anzalduacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aotearoanew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => applyiquestgenocide is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archaeologyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => architeccts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => archivallybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => areageology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arendts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arewere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aristotles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aroundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => arthist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => articlesiquestmainly is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artisticnresponses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistpoet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artistsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artstudi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => artworksnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ashburnhamensis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquestindia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiapacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => asiauspacific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => assignmentsprojects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => athttpsoestanfordeducurrentstudentsedpprogramsacehtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atmosphereocean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomicscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => atomlight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => attitudequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencenna is missing
utils.py::create_vector => audiencesnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => auditiory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustannbspliterarynbsphistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => augustineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => austrohungarian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorityand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => authorsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autoethnographies is missing
utils.py::create_vector => autresquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => avantgardes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awardwinning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => awliyacirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => aztlaacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bazins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beacutecquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beckettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => becquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beethoveniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beginneriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beingsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => beliefsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bellatin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benefitcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benitezrojo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => benthams is missing
utils.py::create_vector => betweennhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bhagavadgita is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bierds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biocore is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bioe103b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biohopk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biologging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biopotential is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biosignals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biotsavarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => biox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bismarcks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blazzaristanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => blowsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boccaccios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bohmian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bolantildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boliacutevar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bookquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => booksnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => borgess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bospbeijing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => bottomquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boundaryvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => boxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brandatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brdf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brechts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brentons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => britain16401700 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => broadlyiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => brodskyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => businessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => buumlchner is missing
utils.py::create_vector => byzantiumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ca800 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caerquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => caffreys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calculusbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calderoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => californiaprimarily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => calvinos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cancioacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cantoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cartierbresson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casanegra is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casestudy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => casmurro is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catch22 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => catholicismprotestantism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ccrma is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cddrl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacuteline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ceacutesar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cellcell is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centrury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuriesespecially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => centuryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cervantess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaacutevez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chabros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changeproved is missing
utils.py::create_vector => changrae is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chariotracing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chashitsu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chaudhuris is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinafocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chinaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chisquared is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chitliniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => choralorchestral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chosocircndynasty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => chreacutetien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianitynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => christianmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => citystates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civicsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilizingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => civilmilitary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clariacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classanalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classhis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classicaltoquantum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classlat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classnnplease is missing
utils.py::create_vector => classroomand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleacutement is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cleansingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clinicalcase is missing
utils.py::create_vector => clsoe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme100engr154 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme102engr155a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cme104engr155b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coachings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coalfired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coetzees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coldplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => colead is missing
utils.py::create_vector => collectionsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comedyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comingofage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communicationsmarketing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communistinduced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communitybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => communityiquestthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexified is missing
utils.py::create_vector => complexityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comptuer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computablequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computeraided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerassisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computergenerated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computermediated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => computerrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => comtessa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concernsiquesttoday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => concregravete is missing
utils.py::create_vector => condeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => confusionneach is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congressiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => congshen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conservatisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => constitutionmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consttruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => consumerbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contentsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contestediquestby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => continuousdiscretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contourns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => contractualist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => conundrumquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coregistration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => corporationiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cortaacutezar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cosmicomics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => costbenefitrisk is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cotaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterminal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coterms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => coulombiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => counterchronological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countrieswhose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => countryi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creativedesign is missing
utils.py::create_vector => creees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crichtons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crimina is missing
utils.py::create_vector => critiquesnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosscultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossculturalnphenomena is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossdisciplinary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosslisted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossnational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosspollination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssectional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crosssections is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossstep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crossvalidation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => crse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs106a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cs107 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => csre is missing
utils.py::create_vector => culturesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cunninghambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => curtainquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cutoutcollage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cuttingedge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => cyberspaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dafnazurstanfordedunknight is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daliacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danceiquestthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dancermaster is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dangaremgba is missing
utils.py::create_vector => danteiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dariacuteo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darishyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => darwall is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datadriven is missing
utils.py::create_vector => datahas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => daubigneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dbnatsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatenwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => debatesiquestat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadentism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => decadesnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deducer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepearth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deepestheld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => definability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => deformational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => democracyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => demystifiedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => departmentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => depoliticization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designplasticity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => designrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalphysical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => digitalsignalprocessorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diquestarthurei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disasterprone is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinarity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplineiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => disciplinespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discoverybased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discretetime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discussionbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => discusthrower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => diseaseassociated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => divideandconquer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dlcl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doeblin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dolliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => doquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgically is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dramaturgs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drexlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => droughtridden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => drumsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => dureacutee is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => earthiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eartraining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => easytouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecclestias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecomechanics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ecosystembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => edisons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => editorinchief is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee101a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee102a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee108 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ee122b is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eessearthsys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => efficiencycost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => egyptomania is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eigensystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eighteenyearolds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => einsteinpodolskyrosen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => elektronische is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eltit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => empirics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => endofthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => englishnnclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engr40m is missing
utils.py::create_vector => engrosses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => enlightenmentnprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ensembleinresidence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entertainmentanimated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => entrylevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => environmentsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => episodesthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => epochdefining is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eprtype is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equationsnsolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equianos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => equivalen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eroticsexual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => essaywriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => esterhaacutezy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => etciquestpersist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnicracial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ethnohistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eulerlagrange is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerica is missing
utils.py::create_vector => euroamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europennthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => europequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => eventsn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everchanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everettiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everexpanding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everpopular is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evershifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everythings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => everywherestudios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => evilquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => examinationon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exchangerateregime is missing
utils.py::create_vector => excludedn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => exercisesprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => expressioniquestsounds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => facesaving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => factbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familiarizes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => familynnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faradayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fardsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fashionminded is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fastmoving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faureacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => faustusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fcpx is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feldshuhs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fellous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => femininitymasculinity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => feminities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => festivalquestions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fgss is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fibersand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldexperiments is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fieldings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmprod is missing
utils.py::create_vector => filmstud is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => firstyear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fivechapters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flacircneur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => flavorsiquestaustere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => floatingpoint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => florences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fluiddynamic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fogelin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => formsiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => forprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fourday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp101 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fp104 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => framebyframe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frameliterature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franccedilaise is missing
utils.py::create_vector => franceiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => francoamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frayns is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freebody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenchspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frenlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => frequencydomain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmanlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenbeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => freshmenthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fromnnnwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ftests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fugardkanintshona is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fulllength is missing
utils.py::create_vector => fumiyo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futabatei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futureiquestdevelopment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => futurequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => galicianportuguese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => garciacuteshya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gatlato is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gauchet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gaussiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gehrigs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderbending is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gendering is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genderspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => genrespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geoeconomic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geographys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geohazards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => geophys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerdbsocsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gerlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanmeets is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => germanyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gfw is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ghataks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => giftsthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => girondo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => glissant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globaliquestpostworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => globalscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goacutemez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godotiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => godsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogarten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => gogols is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbarth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goldbegr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goodnessoffit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => googleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => goumldels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graciliano is missing
utils.py::create_vector => graecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grandparentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grecoroman is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => greeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => grices is missing
utils.py::create_vector => groundquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guelf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => guimaratildees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haendels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hallacircj is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hamiltonjacobi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsiqueston is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => handwrought is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hangucircl is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happenedin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => happilynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hardwon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => harmonizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hasiquestwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hausmarchen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => haveniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hbrooksstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => healthrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heatbudget is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hebdige is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hegels is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heideggers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterochrony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => heterosexualityhomosexuality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => higherngraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hightemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => highthroughput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hillslope is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hisher is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historiansiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicalpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historicization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history170 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history297f is missing
utils.py::create_vector => history70a is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historyfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => historys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hivaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hocirctel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => holderlin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeknowledges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => homiles is missing
utils.py::create_vector => honoreacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hourquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hsiaohsien is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpartsstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpbiochem118stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpccrmastanfordeducourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmath101stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpmusicstanfordeduacademicslessonsignupshtml is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsocostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpssostanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsstanfordboxcomstpwwqpl2ryxfty6stq8wo2j78fj06ikg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrcoursesadvancedpwrcourses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpsundergradstanfordeduprogramspwrexplorenotationsciencewriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwarduinocc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedudeptundergradcgibindrupalpwradvancedpwr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => httpwwwstanfordedugroupssocgibinwordpressmemberlogin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hubmeier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanenvironment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanitys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humankinds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humannaturetechnology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanobject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humanrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => humbio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => huntergatherer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperprotestant is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hyperthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => hysterias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iaeneidi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iantigonei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibeyond is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ibseniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichanges is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ichiyocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icommediai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => icsii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idealsnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ideasnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => identificationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idisgracei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idivine is missing
utils.py::create_vector => idraculai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iessaysi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ifaerie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iflor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => igoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihaltungi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihamletias is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ihimaeras is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iidylls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinfernoi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iinstitutes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iivanhoei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ijonathan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ikoumlrperkultur is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilais is missing
utils.py::create_vector => illiquestcreated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ilolitaimodern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginaries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginationnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imaginery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imamyar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imanierai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immersionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => immunodeficient is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imorte is missing
utils.py::create_vector => imperialsm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => improvisersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => includeshifting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => independentlynprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indiani is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigeneity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indigenismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualcollectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => individualsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indoeuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => indomuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => industrystandard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inever is missing
utils.py::create_vector => informationclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inncomparative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inperson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inputoutput is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructoriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instructornnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => instrumentalizing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intelligenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => interculturalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intermediateadvanced is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internationalurbanizationorg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => internshipstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intnlrel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => intonational is missing
utils.py::create_vector => investigationi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestamericaniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestartfullyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestauthenticityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbioprogramiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestbloodthirstiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestcasanovaiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdangerous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdatavisualizationiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdecoherenceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestdoniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteconomyiquestiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquesteviliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestfuzzyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestgame is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestguerrilla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestintellectualiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmaterialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmedievalismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmodernityiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnaturaliquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestnewcomersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestothelloiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpardoning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestperformanceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestpower is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestprovincialize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestraceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrevolution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestrites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestschoolsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsciences is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestseeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestsports is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestthird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestusiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquestwaiting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => irtheories is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ishiguros is missing
utils.py::create_vector => islamiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => isniquestt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => israelipalestinian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => issuesaspects is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itallang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => italyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => itselfn3 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => iwithout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jacint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jailquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamesiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jamess is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jancso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japaniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => japanlng is missing
utils.py::create_vector => javabased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jazzensemble is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanjacques is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jeanluc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jesusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jewishamerican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => jimeacutenez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joatildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => joseacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => judeomaghrebi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juniorsenior is missing
utils.py::create_vector => justificationiquestin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlnger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => juumlrgen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kantiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kants is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kaouther is missing
utils.py::create_vector => karwai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennans is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kennedyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kenzaburocircs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kephisodotos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kermackmckendrick is missing
utils.py::create_vector => keysquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kierkegaards is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kincaids is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kindleare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kingsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => knighti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kokkinobaphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koreaiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => korsgaard is missing
utils.py::create_vector => koryocirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kosztolaacutenyi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => krapps is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kripkes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => kubricks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laborquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => labquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laiciteacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laldjeacuterie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lalitvakstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lamars is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landresource is missing
utils.py::create_vector => landsliding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laozis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => laplaces is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => late18th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latenineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latetwentieth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinaos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => latinidad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lawiquestfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => learningthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastnorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leastsquares is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lectdisc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lecturelab is missing
utils.py::create_vector => leistung is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lenini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lgbtqueer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberalismiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liberationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifeand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifechanging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifenbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lifennthrough is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lightposts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lindsayabaire is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarycritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literarysocial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => literaturequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lithologic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => liveelectronics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => livingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => locavorism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => logicophilosophicus is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longcherished is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longliving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => longrun is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lookingltbrgtltbrgtnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => louisferdinand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => loumlwenheimskolem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lovefree is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowcarbon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => lowtemperature is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ludmer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => luthers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maacuterquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinelevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => machinemade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macondismo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => macroremains is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mademade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => magnetostatics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahashweta is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mahlers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majoringminoring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsadmission is missing
utils.py::create_vector => majorsminors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => makebelieve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mallarmeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maloryiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mansfieldi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manuscriptprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => manyparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mariacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marieacutees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marketoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markingglazing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => markmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => marloweiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => martiacuteshy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => massmedia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mastermusician is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mathbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => matsci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => maxwelliquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meacutetissage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meddeb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediafrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediaintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mediapolitics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mellac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => menchuacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => meniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mexicanorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mgtecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => michelsonmorley is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microhistory is missing
utils.py::create_vector => micromechanical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microprogramming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => microtonality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid10th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid1940s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid20th is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mid80s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midnineteenth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => midtwentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindbody is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mindiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minimumcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miniproject is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minnesinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => minoritymajority is missing
utils.py::create_vector => miseenscegravene is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mistrys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedrace is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mixedsignal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modalitylike is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modelinganalysis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moderata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernisms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => modernities is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moliegravere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monarchismrepublicanism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moneycapital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => monoprint is missing
utils.py::create_vector => montaignes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moralityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => moroccoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => morphologiesnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => motionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => msampe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mudimbe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multicollinearity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multileveled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multimediathe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => multisensor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musiciquesteverything is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => musicsound is missing
utils.py::create_vector => muumlntzer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myjihad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => myroniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythnnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => mythoepic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nabokovs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naciacutequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanocharacterization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nanotechnologists is missing
utils.py::create_vector => narcostate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationalcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationaliquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationbuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationfocused is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nationstates is missing
utils.py::create_vector => natureculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => naziinspired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbspdiscussions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nbsplearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neardeath is missing
utils.py::create_vector => negativesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nehamas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neighborsnnow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoconfucian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neoromanticism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => neutralityn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => newhive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nextgeneration is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ngames is missing
utils.py::create_vector => niccolograve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nichecrafted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzche is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nietzsches is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nineteenthcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nintildeo is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nitery is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nizacircm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nlearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nmost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnearlier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nninstructor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnsustainability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noigandresin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputabilityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noncomputable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonconsciously is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nondancern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonecon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => noneuropean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmajors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmammalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmusic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonmuslim is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnarrative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonnormative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonperformers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonpid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonprobability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrenewability is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonrussians is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonscience is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonspecialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonstudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonvisual is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => notforprofit is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nottages is missing
utils.py::create_vector => novelsjm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nowquotnnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npainted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => npcompleteness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nprerequisites is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nreadings is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nrecommended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nsculptors is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nselected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => nwhy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectfigure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivesubjective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectivitysubjectivity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => objectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocaseys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => occidenteries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ocirce is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oednnwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ogai is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oilpresses is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oiquestconnor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oloixarac is missing
utils.py::create_vector => olynthos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onehour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onesided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onethird is missing
utils.py::create_vector => oneweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => onwurah is missing
utils.py::create_vector => opamp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openair is missing
utils.py::create_vector => openended is missing
utils.py::create_vector => operashave is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optionsnnlimited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => optogenetics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ordernwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationsnnnby is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organizationssymphony is missing
utils.py::create_vector => organlevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => othersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => overfamiliar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ownnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painleveacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => painteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paintersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => paleoethnobotany is missing
utils.py::create_vector => panasianism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => parrhasios is missing
utils.py::create_vector => particleinabox is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partnerdancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => partsnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => passageiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pastoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patientdoctor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => patons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pattiann is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peaeckeeping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peemail is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peerreviewed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peeving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => peopleiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => perceivers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performancecentered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => performeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => periclean is missing
utils.py::create_vector => persepective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pessoas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => petrarchs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => philosophyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => physicalchemical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianoproficiency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pianostring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => piglia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pippilotti is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placemaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => placequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plancks is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platetectonic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => platoiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => playtexts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutarchn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => plutocirct is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => poetryimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pokeacutemon is missing
utils.py::create_vector => policyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => polisci is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pompeiis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => popculture is missing
utils.py::create_vector => populationcrowd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portablemiked is missing
utils.py::create_vector => portugals is missing
utils.py::create_vector => positivesum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => post1976 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postapartheid is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postboom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postcold is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postenlightenment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postindependence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postiquestworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postmao is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postperformance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postpetrarchan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postreconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postromantic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsocialist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postsoviet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => posttheistic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwende is missing
utils.py::create_vector => postwwii is missing
utils.py::create_vector => powersbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicalnskills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practiceninterpretation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnncontact is missing
utils.py::create_vector => practicesnnwith is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pre1990s is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precapitalist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precirculated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precorequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => precritical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => predigital is missing
utils.py::create_vector => preinternet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prereq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prerequisiteconsent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presentday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => presocratics is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prevet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => primarially is missing
utils.py::create_vector => principalagent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => prisonhalf is missing
utils.py::create_vector => privatelesson is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problembased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => problemsolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnnnour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processnwelcome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => processorbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => profitseeking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectionmapping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => projectoriented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => propertya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => proprietarycontrolled is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => protofeminist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych141 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => psych60 is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicationnnfor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publicsector is missing
utils.py::create_vector => publpol is missing
utils.py::create_vector => purseiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => pushkins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarterlong is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quarteryear is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queacutereacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queenei is missing
utils.py::create_vector => queerlitfilmwordpresscom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quesions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => questiondoes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotadabquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotafrican is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalevel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotalternative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotamericansquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaround is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotarts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotassert is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotatelier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotauthorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotautobiographicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotawayquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotaya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbangclashquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeautyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbecome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbehind is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbeurquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbig is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbipolarquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirtherquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbirthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotblack is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbonsaiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotbroccoliquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcahier is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcapitalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcasesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcentral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcheatingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchoose is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotchorusquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotclassicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcost is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcrisis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotcultural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdata is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdeconstructionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdemosquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdevelopingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdie is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdirectionalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdisorganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotdorm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotendedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenormous is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotenvironmentquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotevil is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexistentialism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotexternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfinishedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotfrackingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgain is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgangnam is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgloballyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotglobalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgood is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodbye is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgoodnessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotgraphicquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotharmonyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothidden is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothigh is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothighquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomelandquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothouse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothumanmadequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quothysteriaquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoticons is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotindifferent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinevitable is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinfernoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinscribing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotinternationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotiron is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotitalianquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknow is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotknowquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotla is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlaboratoriesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlenvers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlet is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotletter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliberalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlintellectuelquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotliterary is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotlotquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmaqamatquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmechanicsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmexicannessquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotminorquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmodernquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotmuseum is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnatural is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnaturalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotneuromarketingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonhumanquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotnonplacesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotobjectivelyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quoton is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotonedrop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotout is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotovercomequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotphilosophicalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacemakersquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplacequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotplein is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpopularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotpsychosisquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotqueeringquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreaderquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrefugeesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrelationalquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotreligiousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrevolutionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrhymesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotright is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrogue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrole is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotromanticquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecondgenerationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularizationquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsecularquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsetquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotshockingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsister is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsmartquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotspiritquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsweatshop is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotsystems is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotterroristsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheorizequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotthere is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottheres is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotto is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottraditionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottransgressionquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottrembling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quottruthquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotturning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotunderdevelopedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuniversalismquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotuseless is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvicious is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotviolencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotvisitquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwho is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwhoquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwinedark is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwisequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotwomens is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotworkquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotrenaissancequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quriquestanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => qushayricirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raceethnicity is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rachilde is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racialethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racializations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => racircbia is missing
utils.py::create_vector => radiooratorio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => raduan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ramoacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rampd is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rauacutel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => readingwriting is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realismformalism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realityquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reallife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => realworld is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reasoners is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recentand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => recology is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reconceptualize is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redemptioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => redowa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reenrollment is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reequilibrate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reflectiion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => refrigeratoriquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => regionality is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativestate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => relativization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religioni is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionorigin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religionsecularism is missing
utils.py::create_vector => religst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => renaissancebodyprojectstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reneacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representediquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => representedquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => reqs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => requirednforms is missing
utils.py::create_vector => researchiquestbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => residencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resituating is missing
utils.py::create_vector => resynthesis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => returnquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => revolutioniquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rghts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => riefenstahls is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rightnnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rockforming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rodoreda is missing
utils.py::create_vector => roleplays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rolliquestas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rosaliacutea is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rubeacuten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rucircmicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruleiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => rulequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => runi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ruskiniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sacksiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => safetyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salomeacute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => salvajesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => samesex is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationillness is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sanitationrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sapphos is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scegraveve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scenesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schaefferian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schimtt is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schoolquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldinger is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schroumldingers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => schultzastanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sciencequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scientic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scoresiquestis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => scottiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => screenwritingtelevision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sdcarterstanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seasquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sebbar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondaty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondlargest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secondorder is missing
utils.py::create_vector => secularchristian is missing
utils.py::create_vector => securitydrawing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sefarad is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfabsorbed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfaffirming is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcomposure is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconceptions is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstitution is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfconstruction is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfcultivation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdefinition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdetermination is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdirected is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfdiscipline is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioned is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selffashioning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfgovernance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfimage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfknowledge is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selflabeling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfmaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfnyou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selforganization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfportrayal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrealization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfrecognition is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflection is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfreflective is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfregulation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfshaping is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selfstrengthening is missing
utils.py::create_vector => selquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semicentennial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => seminarstyle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => semiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => servicelearning is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexgender is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sexualrelationship is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakepeare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shakespeareiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shidyaq is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shimeis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortanswer is missing
utils.py::create_vector => shortterm is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singersongwriters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singleparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => singnnrequired is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sinojapanese is missing
utils.py::create_vector => siteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sitespecific is missing
utils.py::create_vector => situationsprerequisite is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skillsbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skloots is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skorupski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => skypeiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slavetrade is missing
utils.py::create_vector => slork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sloughi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => smoa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => snailhorn is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialbiological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socialpolitical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyhistorical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => societys is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socioculturally is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociospatial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sociotechnological is missing
utils.py::create_vector => socircsekis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => softwarehardware is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soilecosystem is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solarthermal is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidstate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => solidwater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => someoneiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songsand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => songstorytelling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sopranosi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundsculptures is missing
utils.py::create_vector => soundwhat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sourceiquestthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spaceiquestfrom is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishlanguage is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanishspeaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spanlang is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spatialization is missing
utils.py::create_vector => speechquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spenseriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => spitzs is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sportsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ssosposne is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stageof is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordedu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stanfordiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statebuilding is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stateoftheart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => statical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stereoscopes is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokeriquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stokesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stopmotion is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storiesmyths is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storymaking is missing
utils.py::create_vector => storytellingthat is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strangersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => strategiesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentconducted is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentcurated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentdeveloped is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studentsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiesnnnote is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiobased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => studiotrained is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylequot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => stylewe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subgameperfect is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subjectiquestwill is missing
utils.py::create_vector => submittingapplication is missing
utils.py::create_vector => substantives is missing
utils.py::create_vector => subtend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sukiya is missing
utils.py::create_vector => sulamicirc is missing
utils.py::create_vector => superposing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => surplusesdeficits is missing
utils.py::create_vector => switchedcapacitor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takehome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => takijis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tapebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teambased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teamtaught is missing
utils.py::create_vector => technologyrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tectonicvolcanic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teenspeak is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tenja is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tennysoniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tensionnnnduring is missing
utils.py::create_vector => teoriacuteas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => testimonio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => texasi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theaterstend is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themaxmspjitter is missing
utils.py::create_vector => themennstudents is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thenafterlife is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thennation is missing
utils.py::create_vector => theorizations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thermochemistry is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thingsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thinkinginpractice is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thoughtprovokingmaterial is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thousandday is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threedimensional is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threepart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => threequarters is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thronesiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => thyselfquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tiananmenthemed is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tidepooling is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timebased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedelay is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timedependent is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeenergy is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timefrequency is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timelapse is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timersiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timesdays is missing
utils.py::create_vector => timeseries is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todayiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => todaynin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tolerationist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tomaschevski is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonbsptriumviral is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tonwork is missing
utils.py::create_vector => toolboxquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => topiciquestdrones is missing
utils.py::create_vector => torberg is missing
utils.py::create_vector => totaltheater is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traceiand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => traditionnnnover is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transcreations is missing
utils.py::create_vector => transidiomatic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => translationnin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => troeltsch is missing
utils.py::create_vector => trouabdours is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truffauts is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthinvolving is missing
utils.py::create_vector => truthvalue is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tsitsi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => ttests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => tununa is missing
utils.py::create_vector => turkeyiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentiethcentury is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfirst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twentyfive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twohour is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twolayered is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twominute is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twopart is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoparty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twosided is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twostep is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twothirds is missing
utils.py::create_vector => twoweek is missing
utils.py::create_vector => typecastingquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undergraduategraduate is missing
utils.py::create_vector => underpinningsnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => undertakennnthis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upheavel is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperdivision is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upperincome is missing
utils.py::create_vector => upsidedown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanismiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => urbanst is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usdevotees is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usercentric is missing
utils.py::create_vector => useu is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usfamily is missing
utils.py::create_vector => usnnthe is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleinclan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valleyiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valueladen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => valuesnbsp is missing
utils.py::create_vector => variablesquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => varmas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => velaacutezquez is missing
utils.py::create_vector => veniceiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vereini is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vicariance is missing
utils.py::create_vector => videoaudio is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewpointsquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => viewsnnguest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vikingsiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencenonviolence is missing
utils.py::create_vector => violencequotan is missing
utils.py::create_vector => virgils is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visagravevis is missing
utils.py::create_vector => visualnand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vividlywritten is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voiceleading is missing
utils.py::create_vector => voudou is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vousquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => vulgarium is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waitlist is missing
utils.py::create_vector => warnernin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waterrelated is missing
utils.py::create_vector => watershedscale is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waveparticle is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wavespoyntingiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayfr is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysanalytical is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wayscreative is missing
utils.py::create_vector => waysengaging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wealthpoverty is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weatherfreshmen is missing
utils.py::create_vector => webbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wehtquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weills is missing
utils.py::create_vector => weiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welfareenhancing is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welldocumented is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellmanaged is missing
utils.py::create_vector => welln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wellsuited is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wertmullers is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westernnonwestern is missing
utils.py::create_vector => westquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheeln is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wheelthrown is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whitecollar is missing
utils.py::create_vector => whyquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildeiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wildi is missing
utils.py::create_vector => willnread is missing
utils.py::create_vector => winwin is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wittgensteins is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wkb is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womeniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => womensso is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wordsiquestare is missing
utils.py::create_vector => workstationbased is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldclass is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquestand is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldiquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldnew is missing
utils.py::create_vector => worldssources is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingintensive is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writinginthemajor is missing
utils.py::create_vector => writingiquest is missing
utils.py::create_vector => wronging is missing
utils.py::create_vector => xxth is missing
utils.py::create_vector => yopougonquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestll is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youiquestve is missing
utils.py::create_vector => youquot is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zinniquests is missing
utils.py::create_vector => zolas is missing
utils.py::create_vector => quotethnic is missing
utils.py::create_vector => inbetweenness is missing
[[[-0.27557     0.22854     0.1384     ..., -0.47996    -0.25113     0.36883   ]
  [-0.45381    -0.0073266   0.27498    ..., -0.32387    -0.25544    -0.19268   ]
  [-0.3617      0.059534   -0.21064    ...,  0.287       0.61058    -0.31347   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[ 0.31935216  0.83559072  0.32723445 ...,  0.63847027  0.515045
    0.82479699]
  [ 0.096837   -0.35972    -0.17211    ..., -0.19025     0.11055     0.044465  ]
  [-0.25831     0.43644    -0.1138     ...,  0.081697   -0.0044191  -0.14102   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.38655    -0.34621    -0.49664    ..., -0.34414     0.10067    -0.017634  ]
  [-0.11741     0.13307    -0.19936    ...,  0.089595   -0.077056    0.074187  ]
  [-0.21555    -0.13316     0.18198    ..., -0.34705    -0.16459     0.29796   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 ..., 
 [[ 0.24471    -0.16719     0.099626   ..., -0.62319    -0.35169    -0.088778  ]
  [ 0.083096    0.052565    0.17864    ..., -0.049633    0.52222     0.52408   ]
  [ 0.15083    -0.394       0.27848    ..., -0.32175     0.58337     0.36878   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.19472     0.18836     0.11739    ..., -0.38294    -0.25358    -0.12843   ]
  [ 0.23947     0.28136     0.33209    ..., -0.33882     0.47715    -0.077103  ]
  [-0.40239    -0.0022291  -0.020036   ...,  0.21429     0.21021    -0.019233  ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]

 [[-0.18416     0.42065     0.66224    ...,  0.4175     -0.032347   -0.6291    ]
  [ 0.061223    0.72227    -0.1896     ...,  0.18959    -0.02957    -0.56861   ]
  [ 0.14533     0.12262    -0.21671    ...,  0.25562    -0.0032642  -0.32747   ]
  ..., 
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]
  [ 0.          0.          0.         ...,  0.          0.          0.        ]]]
[[ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 ..., 
 [ 1.  0.  0. ...,  0.  0.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]
 [ 0.  0.  0. ...,  0.  1.  0.]]
212
Epoch 1/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 3s - loss: 0.5009 - acc: 0.0625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4687 - acc: 0.0938  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4638 - acc: 0.0833 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4650 - acc: 0.0938 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4748 - acc: 0.0875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4736 - acc: 0.0781 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4732 - acc: 0.0714 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4655 - acc: 0.1172 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4624 - acc: 0.1632 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4625 - acc: 0.1875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4599 - acc: 0.1903 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4566 - acc: 0.2005 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4526 - acc: 0.2236 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4512 - acc: 0.2254 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4504 - acc: 0.2313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4477 - acc: 0.2305 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4455 - acc: 0.2316 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4420 - acc: 0.2396 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4422 - acc: 0.2368 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4413 - acc: 0.2297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4403 - acc: 0.2351 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4405 - acc: 0.2401 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4420 - acc: 0.2446 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4400 - acc: 0.2435 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4400 - acc: 0.2362 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4390 - acc: 0.2380 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4387 - acc: 0.2384 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4391 - acc: 0.2333 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4395 - acc: 0.2349 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4400 - acc: 0.2302 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4396 - acc: 0.23991024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4411 - acc: 0.23831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4418 - acc: 0.23861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4409 - acc: 0.24361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4409 - acc: 0.24551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4427 - acc: 0.24391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4433 - acc: 0.24241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4440 - acc: 0.24011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4448 - acc: 0.23561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4447 - acc: 0.23201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4450 - acc: 0.22871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4447 - acc: 0.22841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4447 - acc: 0.22671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4433 - acc: 0.22511413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4435 - acc: 0.2243     
Epoch 2/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4468 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4454 - acc: 0.1562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4378 - acc: 0.2188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4292 - acc: 0.2188 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4306 - acc: 0.2188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4332 - acc: 0.2344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4326 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4300 - acc: 0.2578 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.2955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.2969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.3005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.3042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.3027 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.3015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.2682 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2704 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2662 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2612 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2608 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2562 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.26411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.26461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.26891088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.27211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.27231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.27341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.27701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.27631248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.27561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.27271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.27671344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.27901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.27981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.27911413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2803     
Epoch 3/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4681 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4693 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4438 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4384 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4295 - acc: 0.2656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4290 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4308 - acc: 0.2734 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4285 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.2844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.3040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.3073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4295 - acc: 0.3197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4277 - acc: 0.3237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.3417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4285 - acc: 0.3340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.3364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.3316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4262 - acc: 0.3306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.3203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.3259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4256 - acc: 0.3153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.3166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.3190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.3137 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.3090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.3069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.3093 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.3094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.30651024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.30371056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.30211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.29871120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.29461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.28991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.28891216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.28211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.28281344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.27981376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.28201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.28051413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2803     
Epoch 4/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4521 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4312 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4346 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4369 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4415 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.3438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4268 - acc: 0.3398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4252 - acc: 0.3344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.3307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.3269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3242 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3272 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3125 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3040 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3060 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3088 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.3113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3069 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.3006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.3063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.30241024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.30271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.30401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.30331120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.30271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.29951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.29811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.29611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.29491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.29271344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.29321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.29511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.29691413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2979     
Epoch 5/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3956 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.3187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3996 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.3000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3086 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3038 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2784 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2747 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2847 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2888 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.28331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.27651088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.28031120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.28041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.27631248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.27401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.26871312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.27361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27631413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2774     
Epoch 6/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4429 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4466 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4369 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4343 - acc: 0.4219 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4360 - acc: 0.4000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4401 - acc: 0.3958 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4367 - acc: 0.3884 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4330 - acc: 0.3828 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.3819 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.3875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3722 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.3672 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3726 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3705 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.3646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.3633 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.3585 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.3524 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.3569 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.3578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3527 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.3452 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3424 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.3320 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.3225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.3257 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.3252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.3168 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.3094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.30951024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.30661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.30301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.30331120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.30361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.30381184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.29901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.29441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.29251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.29221312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.29271344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.29841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.29871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.29831413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2994     
Epoch 7/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3975 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2031 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.1964 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2148 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2188 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2135 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2091 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2188 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2168 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2298 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2378 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2451 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2557 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2636 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2669 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2712 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2776 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2812 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.28331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.28221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.27941088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.27571120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.27591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.27601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.27791216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.27561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27211344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.27311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.27541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.27411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2753     
Epoch 8/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.1094  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.1354 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4337 - acc: 0.1250 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4277 - acc: 0.2000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.2188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2727 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2712 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2683 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2646 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.26111024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.26271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.25951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.25831120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.25451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.25261184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.25001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.25081248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.25161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.25001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.25151344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.25001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.24641408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.24931413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2505     
Epoch 9/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.4688  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.3625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4342 - acc: 0.3214 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4353 - acc: 0.3242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4288 - acc: 0.3403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.3531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4270 - acc: 0.3523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4248 - acc: 0.3438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.3486 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.3482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.3382 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3455 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3405 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3344 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3289 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.3224 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.3166 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.3164 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3113 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3194 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3214 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3211 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.3198 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.32261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.32421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.32581088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.32721120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.32771152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.32641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.32691216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.32401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.31971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.31801312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.31401344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.31321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.31251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.31111413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.3114     
Epoch 10/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.1562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.1667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.1641 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.1562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.1406 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4258 - acc: 0.1830 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4284 - acc: 0.1914 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.2153 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4303 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4321 - acc: 0.2386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4293 - acc: 0.2474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4305 - acc: 0.2548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4290 - acc: 0.2634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.2687 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.2812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.2868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.2928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4260 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.2976 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.2969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.2948 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.2891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.2988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.2993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4237 - acc: 0.2998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.3002 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4234 - acc: 0.2996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.3000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.29841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4234 - acc: 0.29391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.29361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.29601120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.29821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.30031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.30071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.30101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.30051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.29611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.29341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.29461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.29361408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.29191413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2930     
Epoch 11/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4447 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4409 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4319 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.2266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.2062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2031 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2009 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2148 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2188 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2216 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2240 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2188 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2143 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2207 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2188 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2240 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2204 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2396 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2401 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2405 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2344 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2362 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2344 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2338 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2377 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2371 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2323 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.24091024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.24321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.24431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.24911120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.25091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.25351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.26011216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.26151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.26441280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.26721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27061344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.26931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.26821408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.26851413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2689     
Epoch 12/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.1562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3326 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.3292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.3309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.3054 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2904 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2888 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2746 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2672 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.27521024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.27641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28031120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.28561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.28541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28121312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27671344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27681376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.27181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.27131413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2718     
Epoch 13/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4333 - acc: 0.2461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4423 - acc: 0.2326 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4526 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4545 - acc: 0.2216 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4496 - acc: 0.2266 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4507 - acc: 0.2115 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4539 - acc: 0.2054 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4532 - acc: 0.1958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4527 - acc: 0.1875 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4512 - acc: 0.1949 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4496 - acc: 0.2031 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4483 - acc: 0.2138 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4467 - acc: 0.2141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4458 - acc: 0.2113 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4434 - acc: 0.2145 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4423 - acc: 0.2147 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4415 - acc: 0.2122 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4410 - acc: 0.2075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4394 - acc: 0.2067 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4384 - acc: 0.2049 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4381 - acc: 0.2020 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4360 - acc: 0.2069 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4361 - acc: 0.2021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4356 - acc: 0.20561024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4353 - acc: 0.20411056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4342 - acc: 0.20081088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4330 - acc: 0.20311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4314 - acc: 0.20891152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4323 - acc: 0.20491184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4322 - acc: 0.20191216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4317 - acc: 0.20641248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4316 - acc: 0.21151280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4332 - acc: 0.21721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4329 - acc: 0.22331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4326 - acc: 0.22541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4323 - acc: 0.22601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4317 - acc: 0.22801413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4318 - acc: 0.2286     
Epoch 14/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4406 - acc: 0.5938  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4381 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.3438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4248 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4248 - acc: 0.2857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.2852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.2778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2656 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2478 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2539 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2592 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2587 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2500 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2560 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2571 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2514 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2552 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2537 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2500 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2477 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2411 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2468 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2510 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.25301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.25591056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.26041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.26191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.25801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.25691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.25511216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.25081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.24611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.24241344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.24261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.24561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.24501413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2463     
Epoch 15/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4367 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4414 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4252 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2812 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2642 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2636 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2669 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2687 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2692 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2731 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2723 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2748 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.27621024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.27731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.27561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.27021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.26871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.27171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.27111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.27721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.28051312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.28201344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.28051376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.28561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.28341413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2831     
Epoch 16/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3949 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.2431 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.29231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.29231120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.29111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.29171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.29561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.29931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.29891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.29841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.29651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.29841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.29801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.29551413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2951     
Epoch 17/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4342 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4248 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4328 - acc: 0.1797 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4260 - acc: 0.1750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2461 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2812 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2726 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2664 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2687 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2693 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2614 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2636 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2604 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2596 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2581 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2578 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2554 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.25401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.24801056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.25091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.24911120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.25271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.25521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.25681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.25561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.25471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.25761344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.26121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.26531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.26701413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2675     
Epoch 18/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3922 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3863 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3941 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.3500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3937 - acc: 0.3333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.3008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.2847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4001 - acc: 0.2687 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2478 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2480 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2445 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2344 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2303 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2277 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2315 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2351 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2409 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2412 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2368 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2419 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2433 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2403 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2458 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.24801024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.25291056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.25381088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.25641120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.25181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.25611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.25681216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.25581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.25641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.25311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.25301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.25821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.26091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.26351413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2647     
Epoch 19/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3968 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.3438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.3172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3110 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2956 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2897 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2750 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.27921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.28031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.28311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.28491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.28821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.29041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.28871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.28631408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.28341413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2824     
Epoch 20/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2031 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2143 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2070 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.1910 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.1875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2017 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2083 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2043 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2076 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2129 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2169 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2222 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2253 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2247 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2173 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2228 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2266 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.2308 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.2269 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2288 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2295 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.2323 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.23991024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.24321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.24811088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.24911120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.25451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.25691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.25841216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.26071248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.26761280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.27111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.27211344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.27311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.27251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.27341413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2739     
Epoch 21/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3761 - acc: 0.5000  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.3229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2798 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2933 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3021 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.29641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.30021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.30331120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.30451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.30561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.30661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.30761248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.31331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.31251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.31331344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.31181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.30961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.30611413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3064     
Epoch 22/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.3008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.2917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.2812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2904 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.28231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.28421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.28311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.28121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.27951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.27551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.27641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.27731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.27821344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.28121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.28121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.28271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2831     
Epoch 23/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3918 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3843 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3862 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3900 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3920 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3868 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3866 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3890 - acc: 0.2847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3915 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3922 - acc: 0.2926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3963 - acc: 0.2812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3986 - acc: 0.2857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.2676 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2574 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2664 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2642 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2622 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2591 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2512 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2593 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2634 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2640 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2656 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.26271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.25661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.25921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.26251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.26941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.27061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.27321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.27591344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.27531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.27911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.28051413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2803     
Epoch 24/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.3203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.3409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.3438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.3413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.3438 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.3396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3477 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.3456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.3438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3503 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.3467 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3409 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3359 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.3245 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3218 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3158 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.30751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.30471056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.30591088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.30151120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.30271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.30471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.30661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.30921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.31171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.31561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.31631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.31471376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.31541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.31251413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3114     
Epoch 25/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.0625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.1094  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.0833 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4319 - acc: 0.1562 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.2000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2911 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2888 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2873 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2790 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.28021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.27731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.27141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.27431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.27531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.27551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.28271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.28341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.28271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2831     
Epoch 26/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4283 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3962 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3160 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.3182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.3149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.3125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.3187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.3070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.3073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.3059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.3125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.3098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.3099 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3009 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.29331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.29361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.29691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.29251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.28721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.28541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.28661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.28651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.28491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.28481413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2845     
Epoch 27/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3984 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.3281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3956 - acc: 0.3299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3951 - acc: 0.3250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4010 - acc: 0.3267 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.3255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.3066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2993 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2776 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.28331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.28121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.28881088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.29321120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.29641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.29691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.29571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.29531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.29881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.29761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.29871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2979     
Epoch 28/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2656 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2656 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2592 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2615 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2589 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2571 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2500 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2500 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2428 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2512 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2533 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2532 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.26011024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.26071056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.25951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.25921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.26071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.26131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.26351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.26151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.25961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.26411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.26521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.27081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.27111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.27411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2753     
Epoch 29/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3940 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3828 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.3750 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3304 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3301 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3346 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3351 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3355 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.3312 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3289 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3065 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3021 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.29541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.29791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.29641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.29961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.30271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.30731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.30491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.30351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.30451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.30631312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.30641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.30511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.30011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.30041413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3001     
Epoch 30/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3865 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2982 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.3002 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.28631024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.28121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.28311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.28311120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.27951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.27601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.27111216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.27301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.27401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.27271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.26981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.26861376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.26891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.27131413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2711     
Epoch 31/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.2539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2500 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2524 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2455 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2480 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2500 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2483 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2418 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2351 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2401 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2378 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2331 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2325 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2320 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2326 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2333 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2274 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2260 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.23081024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.23241056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.24151088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.24361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.24911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.25261184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.25511216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.25901248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.26041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.26021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.26371344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.26341376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.26451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.26921413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2682     
Epoch 32/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2062 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2240 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2188 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2118 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.2045 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.2161 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.2188 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2254 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2422 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2445 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2483 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2484 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2547 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2574 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2514 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2500 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2500 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2512 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2560 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2546 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2511 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2478 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.24401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.24221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.24531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.25001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.25451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.25431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.25931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.26151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.26441280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.26801312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.26981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.27161376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.27251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.27631413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2767     
Epoch 33/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3208 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3895 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.3005 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2826 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.29741024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.30271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.30681088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.30701120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.30451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.30561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.30491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.30511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.30291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.30161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.30111344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.30061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.29721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.29691413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2972     
Epoch 34/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3825 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3976 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3947 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.3125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.3063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.3011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3021 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.3063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.3047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3036 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3040 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.3086 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3050 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.3021 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2974 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.29981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29731088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29781120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.30001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.30301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.29981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.29931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.29811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.29801344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.29611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.29721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.29971413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.3001     
Epoch 35/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3784 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3716 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3695 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3783 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3842 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3826 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3805 - acc: 0.3398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3866 - acc: 0.3403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3909 - acc: 0.3469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3892 - acc: 0.3523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.3438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.3341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3946 - acc: 0.3371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3961 - acc: 0.3229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.3125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.3076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.3016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.2932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.2926 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4010 - acc: 0.2921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.2930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.2863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2963 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.29261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.29501120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.28991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.28721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.28951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.29011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.28911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.28511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.28501376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.28421408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.27981413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2803     
Epoch 36/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3745 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4322 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4357 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3750 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.3835 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.3854 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.3750 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3772 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3594 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3548 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.3507 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3536 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3500 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3423 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3295 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.3247 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3203 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.3162 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3113 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3056 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.3025 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2985 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.30341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.30571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.30401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.30881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.30711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.30641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.30241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.29851248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.30211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.30391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.30261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.30131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.30161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.30181413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.3029     
Epoch 37/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4333 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2598 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2555 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2587 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2599 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2738 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2953 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.29541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.29041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.29511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.29731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29691248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.29571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.29301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.29461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.29291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.29401413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2951     
Epoch 38/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4398 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4248 - acc: 0.2687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2526 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2567 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2674 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2753 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2787 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2757 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2791 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.27921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.27831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.27841088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.27481120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.27681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.27521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.27531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.27221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.27401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.27271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.27601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.27831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.27911413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2788     
Epoch 39/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4834 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4385 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.3625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.3616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.3555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2533 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2713 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2933 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.29441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.29981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.30021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.30061120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.29821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.29511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.29051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.29441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.29891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.29921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.30181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.30211376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.30091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.29901413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2994     
Epoch 40/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4277 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.3187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3312 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.3053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2799 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2740 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2612 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2619 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.25711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.25201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.25091088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.24821120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.24731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.24911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.25251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.25741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.26041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.26251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.26521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.26791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.26821408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27341413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2732     
Epoch 41/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4350 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4421 - acc: 0.0781  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4416 - acc: 0.1250 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4362 - acc: 0.1719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4309 - acc: 0.2000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2143 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2188 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2216 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2240 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2380 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2388 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2539 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2537 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2465 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2434 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2455 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2457 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2527 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2656 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2662 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2680 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2731 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2834 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.28531024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.28521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.28881088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.28681120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.28481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.28391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.27701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27551248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.27401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.27031312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.26751344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.27181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.27131413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2703     
Epoch 42/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4408 - acc: 0.0625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4329 - acc: 0.1250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4426 - acc: 0.1354 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4382 - acc: 0.1250 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.1625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2188 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2361 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2569 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2753 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2799 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2728 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2697 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2656 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2629 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.25711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.25681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.25661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.25181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.24911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.24741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.24321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.24751248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.24921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.24841312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.24391344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.24931376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25151408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.25501413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2541     
Epoch 43/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4418 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.3013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.3066 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3125 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.3109 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.3156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.3125 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3084 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3125 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3082 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3125 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.31251024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.31451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.31441088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.31801120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.31701152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.31861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.31671216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.31501248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.31411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.31251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.30951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.30651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.30311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.30181413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3029     
Epoch 44/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4387 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4329 - acc: 0.1406  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.1771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.1641 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.1938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.1823 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.1964 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2227 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2049 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2131 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2161 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2332 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2455 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28731024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.28691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.28491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.28121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.28211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.28121216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.28121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.28281344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.28201376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.28271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.28121413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2817     
Epoch 45/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3791 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3850 - acc: 0.4271 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.4219 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3915 - acc: 0.3812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3938 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3903 - acc: 0.3482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3894 - acc: 0.3594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3947 - acc: 0.3576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.3594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3620 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.3534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.3438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3438 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3438 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.3391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.3363 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3310 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.3302 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.3216 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.3079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.3050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.30541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.30271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.30021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.29961120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.29731152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.29601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.29481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.29611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.29411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.28981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.28961344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28941376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.28561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.28621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2873     
Epoch 46/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3953 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.3250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3255 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.3237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.3292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3262 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.3254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.3156 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3155 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.3179 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3216 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.3225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3209 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.3183 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3136 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.30041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.29791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.29361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.29141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.28751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.29171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.29051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.28951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.28691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.29041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.28851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.28621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2852     
Epoch 47/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4309 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2257 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2159 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2266 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2284 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2254 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2344 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2408 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2569 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2648 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2798 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.29231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.29301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.29261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.28951120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28751152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.28391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.28371248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.28281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.27911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.28051413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2795     
Epoch 48/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4571 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3594 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2917 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.3164 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3237 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.3269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3244 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3229 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.32461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.32231056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.32291088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.31991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.31431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.30991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.30661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.30181248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.30211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.30001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.29881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.29541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.29431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.29331413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2930     
Epoch 49/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3927 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3886 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3910 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.2143 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.2148 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2049 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2370 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2356 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2321 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2227 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2206 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2188 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2237 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2297 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2351 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2401 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2364 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2318 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2313 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2380 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2396 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2467 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2511 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2510 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.25301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.25781056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.25761088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.25551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.26071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.26131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.26521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.26731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.27321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.27421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.27441344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.27831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.27701413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2781     
Epoch 50/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3986 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3979 - acc: 0.4188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.4167 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3944 - acc: 0.4241 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.4219 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.4097 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3979 - acc: 0.3875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.3864 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.3776 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.3654 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.3504 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.3458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3359 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.3309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.3299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.3257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.3172 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.3110 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3068 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.3057 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3008 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.3000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2958 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2985 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.28421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.28121088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.28031120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.28121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.27961216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.27801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.27721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27501312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.27591344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.27531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.27541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27561413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2760     
Epoch 51/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2361 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2358 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2684 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2708 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2763 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2670 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2649 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2656 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2632 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2627 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2600 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2608 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2583 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.25911024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.26561056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.26801088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.26841120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.27051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.27341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.28121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.28291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.28441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.28661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.28941376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.28781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.28911413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2887     
Epoch 52/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.2266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.2031 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2321 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2840 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.29391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.29171088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.28821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.29191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.29491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.29771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.29651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.29761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.29651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.29691413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2972     
Epoch 53/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4286 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.3438 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.3438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4248 - acc: 0.3365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4234 - acc: 0.3281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.3167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4237 - acc: 0.3145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.3143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.3073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.3010 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.3006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.3011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.3057 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4234 - acc: 0.3073 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.3038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.3077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3102 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.3125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3211 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.3219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.31961024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.31931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.31721088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.31161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.30711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.30301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.29981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.29931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.29651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.29301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.29041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.29021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28851408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.28691413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2866     
Epoch 54/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3916 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4343 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.3438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.3438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4284 - acc: 0.3438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.3500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.3551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.3438 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3317 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.3415 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.3359 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.3309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3333 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3306 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.3359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.3393 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3366 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3370 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3372 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3337 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3329 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.3252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3259 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.3233 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3240 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.32261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.31841056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.31341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.31341120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.30981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.30471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.30071216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.29771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.29301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.29421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.29461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.29621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2958     
Epoch 55/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2500 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2552 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2695 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2629 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2622 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2615 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2753 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2826 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2873 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2879 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.29741024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.29261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.28301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28121216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.27631248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.27241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27291344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.27531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27841413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2788     
Epoch 56/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3897 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3904 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3932 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.3156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.3295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.3245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.3214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.3229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3203 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.3143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.3026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2976 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.3034 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3013 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.3029 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.3009 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.3039 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3042 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.30541024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.30761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.30971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.30791120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.30711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.30821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.30911216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.30841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.30931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.31171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.30951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.30881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.30451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.30111413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3008     
Epoch 57/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4321 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4330 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.3229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.3259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.3164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.3090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2884 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2888 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2897 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.29071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.29141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.28841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.28651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.28611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.28281344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.28421376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.28121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.28271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2824     
Epoch 58/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.3616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.3633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.3681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.3594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.3523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4002 - acc: 0.3385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.3293 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.3214 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.3229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.3281 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.3299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3240 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.3109 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.3084 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.3034 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2988 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2963 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.29331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.29301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.29361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.29411120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.29461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.29431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.29051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.28871248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.28691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.28671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.28891344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.28941376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.28711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.28841413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2895     
Epoch 59/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4010 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3922 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3858 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3886 - acc: 0.3312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3950 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3932 - acc: 0.2917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.2875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3948 - acc: 0.2926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.2969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2902 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.2949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.2904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2776 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2801 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.28231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.28121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.28121088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.28221120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.28041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.28381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.28291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.28121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.27971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.27901344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.27681376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.27761408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.27911413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2781     
Epoch 60/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4640 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4543 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4438 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4285 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.2812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2630 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2668 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2757 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2738 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2799 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2850 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2825 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2845 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.28931024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.28691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.28861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.28931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.28651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.28211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.28361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.28431344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.28271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.28271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.28121413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2810     
Epoch 61/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4233 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4337 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4257 - acc: 0.2562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2526 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2500 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2478 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2437 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2480 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2555 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2604 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2812 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2969 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.30041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.30181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.30301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.30611120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.30711152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.30821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.30661216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.30511248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.30371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.30001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.29801344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.29761376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.29511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.29551413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2951     
Epoch 62/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3778 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3898 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3904 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3941 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3984 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.2768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3913 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3930 - acc: 0.2917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.2906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.2949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2911 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2935 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2849 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2888 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.29441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.29391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.29261088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.28771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.28571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.28211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.28381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.28291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.27801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.27501312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.27591344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.27911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.27981413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2803     
Epoch 63/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4578 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2396 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.2500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2431 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2358 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2500 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.2548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3009 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3047 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3050 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.31451024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.31451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.31631088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.31801120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.31871152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.31861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.31501216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.31411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.31571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.31641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.31631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.31771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.31471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.31321413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3128     
Epoch 64/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3869 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3850 - acc: 0.4167 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3914 - acc: 0.3906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.3259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.3125 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.3210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3989 - acc: 0.3177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3197 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.3125 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.3146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.3125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.3070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.3043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.3051 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.3008 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2975 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2957 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.28631024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.28711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.28881088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.29411120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.29341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.29221216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.29031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.28931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.28981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.29121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.29171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.29431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.29831413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2972     
Epoch 65/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3416 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3415 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3767 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3803 - acc: 0.2188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3906 - acc: 0.2240 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3949 - acc: 0.2188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.2148 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.1979 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.1960 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.1953 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2115 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2188 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2422 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2408 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2448 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2467 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2574 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2599 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2582 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2630 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2632 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2650 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2634 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2651 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.27321024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.27831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.27651088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.28031120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.28391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.28121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.27961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.27581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.27541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27631413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2767     
Epoch 66/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3806 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3957 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3936 - acc: 0.3516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.3500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3978 - acc: 0.3438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3960 - acc: 0.3527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3940 - acc: 0.3477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3934 - acc: 0.3403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.3281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3923 - acc: 0.3151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.3125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.3103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.3146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4001 - acc: 0.3164 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3983 - acc: 0.3143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.3142 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.3207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.3219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.3185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.3139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3057 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3073 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.3075 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3137 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3113 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3092 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3093 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.3063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.30341024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.30081056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.30211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.30151120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.30091152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.29771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.29811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.29771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.29651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.29391376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.29221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29191413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2916     
Epoch 67/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.1250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.1146 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.1328 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.1437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.1458 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.1473 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.1523 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.1458 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.1594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.1591 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.1562 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.1611 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.1674 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.1729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.1777 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.1783 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.1823 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.1859 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.1922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.1964 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.1989 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.1997 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.1940 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.1925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.1959 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2014 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.1998 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2080 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2083 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.21371024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.21681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.21781088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.21691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.21881152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.22661184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.23231216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.23441248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.24201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.24301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.24621344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.25001376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.25651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.25921413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2590     
Epoch 68/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.3438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3563 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3750 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3750 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3665 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.3724 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3702 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3683 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.3555 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3511 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.3507 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.3388 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3438 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3409 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3397 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3320 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3250 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3221 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.3270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3265 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.3250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.32261024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.32911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.32861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.32901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.32951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.33251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.33611216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.33631248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.33651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.33591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.33231344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.32661376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.32491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.32241413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3220     
Epoch 69/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2109 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2083 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2159 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2057 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2115 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2076 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2062 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2090 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2206 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2344 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2467 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2619 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2670 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2708 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2725 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2776 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.29231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.29641088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.29691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.30001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.30641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.30241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.30261248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.30371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.30311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.30181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.30061376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.29801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.29761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2979     
Epoch 70/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.3571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.3438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.3516 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3527 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.3496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3548 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.3542 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.3454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.3391 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.3318 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3295 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.3302 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.3281 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3300 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3269 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3241 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3211 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3198 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.32161024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.31641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.31631088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.31531120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.31341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.30641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.30411216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.30261248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.30051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.30081312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.30031344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.29911376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.30011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.29761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2972     
Epoch 71/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3733 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3866 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3884 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.3125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3995 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.3003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2884 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2880 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2839 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2849 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2847 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.29641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.29691056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.29921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.30241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.30271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.30031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.29901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.30021248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.29571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.29611312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.29571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.29221408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.29331413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2944     
Epoch 72/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3679 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3948 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.3125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.3090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2778 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2859 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2943 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2933 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.2931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.28831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.28791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.28861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.28481152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.28391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.28291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.27971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.28201376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.28201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.28201413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2817     
Epoch 73/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3962 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.1562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.1667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.1875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2083 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2702 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2685 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2708 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2680 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2662 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2656 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2694 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27321024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27851120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.28121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.28301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.28721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29281248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.29491280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.29691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.29421344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.29321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.29511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29191413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2923     
Epoch 74/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4663 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4326 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4334 - acc: 0.1562 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4270 - acc: 0.1797 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4296 - acc: 0.1938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.2135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.2277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4256 - acc: 0.2344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.2500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2585 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2630 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2668 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2713 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2704 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2643 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2600 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2572 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2523 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2522 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2500 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.25101024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.25291056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.25571088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.25741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.25801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.25781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.25931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.26321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.26601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.26561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.26601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.26641376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.27111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27341413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2753     
Epoch 75/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3762 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3941 - acc: 0.4062  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3594 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.3542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.3469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3464 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3348 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3327 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3257 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3266 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3229 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.3281 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3302 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3333 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3337 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3329 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3287 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.3270 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.3265 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3229 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.32361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.31741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.31821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.31711120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.31961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.31601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.31171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.30841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.31011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.30701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.30871344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.30801376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.30741408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.30611413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3079     
Epoch 76/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3902 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2682 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2983 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2956 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2981 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.28431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.28031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.27561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.27671120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.28041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.28121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.29111248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.29251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.28961344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.28871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.28711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28911413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2887     
Epoch 77/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.3187 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.3482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.3320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3368 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3344 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.3523 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3411 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.3389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.3393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3396 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.3438 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.3455 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.3422 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3348 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.3409 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.3342 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3438 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.3486 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.3495 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3438 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.3384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.33571024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.33201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.32951088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.32541120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.32141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.31421184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.31501216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.31171248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.31171280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.31481312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.31631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.31921376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.31831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.31961413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3199     
Epoch 78/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4262 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.2589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.2617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2750 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27821024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.27371088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.27391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.27321152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.26941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.26811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.27001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.27191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.27591344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.27381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2739     
Epoch 79/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2396 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2356 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2232 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2227 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2279 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2292 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2336 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2426 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2415 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2418 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2422 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2387 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2476 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2523 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2556 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2597 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2625 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.26511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.26661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.26701088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.27111120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.26861376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.27401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27491413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2746     
Epoch 80/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.1094  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4362 - acc: 0.1667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4351 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.2375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2411 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.2344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2562 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2500 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2344 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2404 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2411 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2266 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2298 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2344 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2352 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2262 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2315 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2310 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2383 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2380 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2384 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2366 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2392 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2396 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.24091024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.24321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.24621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.24451120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.24201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.24571184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.25001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.25491248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.25401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.25471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.25611344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.25671376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.25651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.25851413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2590     
Epoch 81/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2687 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2578 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2687 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2676 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2604 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2753 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3000 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3021 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3058 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3071 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.3063 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.30851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.30571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.30301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.30511120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.30361152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.30031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.29651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.29771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.29811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.29921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.29651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.29541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.29511408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.29401413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2951     
Epoch 82/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4751 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4653 - acc: 0.1562  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4417 - acc: 0.1875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4433 - acc: 0.1797 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4399 - acc: 0.1875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4439 - acc: 0.1875 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4365 - acc: 0.1786 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4302 - acc: 0.1758 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.1910 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.2000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2074 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.2057 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.2163 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.2210 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.2227 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2224 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.2222 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2303 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2313 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2277 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2401 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2391 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2422 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2412 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2428 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2442 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2400 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2392 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.25301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.25681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.25851088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.26011120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.26251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.26301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.26181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.25991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.25641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.26331312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.26601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.26491376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.26531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.26561413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2654     
Epoch 83/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3792 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3856 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3965 - acc: 0.3125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.2857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.3008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3073 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.3080 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3054 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.3003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2969 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2935 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.28831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.28711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.28031088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.27671120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.27051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.26821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.26521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.26321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.26121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.26171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.26451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.26561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.26531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.26701413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2675     
Epoch 84/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4276 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4263 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.3281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3295 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.3229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3320 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3290 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3299 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.3141 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.3185 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.3196 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.3179 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3151 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.3113 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3160 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.3125 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3147 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3115 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.31051024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.30961056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.30871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.30881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.30631152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.30731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.30831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.31001248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.30611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.30231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.30261344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.29841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.29721408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.29621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2958     
Epoch 85/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2738 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2727 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2745 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2721 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2866 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.28531024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.28221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.28221120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.28801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28781248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.29011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.28911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.28581344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28921408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.28691413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2866     
Epoch 86/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3975 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.3398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3097 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2993 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2838 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2746 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2740 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.27321024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.27341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.26991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.26291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.26341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.25781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.25411248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.25321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.25701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.25691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.25971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.26021408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.26141413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2626     
Epoch 87/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3031 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.3053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2745 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2787 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2801 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.27941088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.27671120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.28041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.28351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.28631408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.28761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2895     
Epoch 88/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3920 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3968 - acc: 0.3875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.3958 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.3867 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3854 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.3724 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3582 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3616 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.3563 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3474 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.3368 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3289 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3187 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3140 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.3125 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3125 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3114 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3103 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3135 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.31751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.31451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.31061088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.31071120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.31341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.30991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.30571216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.30351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.30211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.30231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.30641344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.30651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.30451408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.30681413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3064     
Epoch 89/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4616 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4306 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4301 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.3021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4305 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4324 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4304 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.2642 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4310 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.2620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2545 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4257 - acc: 0.2583 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4252 - acc: 0.2617 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2592 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.2639 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.2750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2745 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2801 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2748 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2750 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.26761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.27081088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27481120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27401280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.27911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28121413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2817     
Epoch 90/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4301 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4285 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4288 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.2839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4272 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.2835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.2792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.2910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.2812 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.2812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.2878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.2875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2880 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2904 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2986 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2953 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.29641024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.29201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.29071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.29081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28891216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.29191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.28931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.27981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27981413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2795     
Epoch 91/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4329 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.2500 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2524 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2589 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2559 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2574 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2535 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2549 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2562 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2560 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2585 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2622 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2617 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2608 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2650 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2656 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2662 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2698 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.27151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.26751120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.27051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.26911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.26941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.27221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.27131344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.27161376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27331408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2732     
Epoch 92/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.3125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3237 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.3229 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.3125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4258 - acc: 0.3107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4244 - acc: 0.3090 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.3016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.3011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.3003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.3047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3088 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.3089 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3148 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.3158 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3136 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.3167 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.31751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.31741056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.31531088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.31431120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.30981152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.31251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.31421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.30841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.30531280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.30471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.30181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.30131376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.30011408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.29831413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2972     
Epoch 93/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4444 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2188 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2305 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2313 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2404 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4257 - acc: 0.2433 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.2500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2500 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2463 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.2500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2566 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2560 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.2585 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2582 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2591 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2612 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2608 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2604 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2634 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2619 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.26211024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.26171056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.26141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.26191120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.26071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.25611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.25761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.25741248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.25481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.25391312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.25381344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.25601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.25651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.26141413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2611     
Epoch 94/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4355 - acc: 0.3516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4263 - acc: 0.3500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.3490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.3438 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.3242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2625 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2637 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2664 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2656 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2679 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2699 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2721 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2712 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2704 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2720 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2746 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2791 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27251056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.27231152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.27521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.27531216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.27321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.27271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27211344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27161376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.27181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.27201413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2711     
Epoch 95/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4352 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.2266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2562 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.3011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3170 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3187 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3070 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3094 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.3095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.3043 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3021 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2963 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2969 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2894 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2935 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2938 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.29131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.28581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.28731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.29051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.29031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.28851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.28591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.28511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28421376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.28491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.28201413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2824     
Epoch 96/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4353 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4311 - acc: 0.1667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.1719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4274 - acc: 0.1625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.1823 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4297 - acc: 0.1830 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.2031 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4321 - acc: 0.2083 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4365 - acc: 0.2062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4322 - acc: 0.2159 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4297 - acc: 0.2188 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4307 - acc: 0.2260 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.2210 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2168 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.2132 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4276 - acc: 0.2170 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4295 - acc: 0.2122 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.2173 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.2159 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.2228 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4262 - acc: 0.2201 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4260 - acc: 0.2238 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.2272 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2315 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2377 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.2392 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2365 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.23791024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.24411056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.24341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.24451120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.24911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.25171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.25511216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.25581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.25481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.25701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.25911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.25891376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.25941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.26281413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2633     
Epoch 97/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4358 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2909 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2768 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2769 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2740 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.27621024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.27561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.27391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.27591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.27861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27961216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.27721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.27891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.28201344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.28121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.28341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.28621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2852     
Epoch 98/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3772 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3859 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4233 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3021 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2961 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2955 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2904 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2957 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.29041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28471184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.28381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28961344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.29021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.29141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.29551413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2951     
Epoch 99/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4277 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3958 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.3516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2746 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2687 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2637 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2639 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2664 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2642 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2663 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2721 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2712 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2680 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2731 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2757 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2769 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2812 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.28121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.28221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28121088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.28581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.28391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.28291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.28671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.28511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28481413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2859     
Epoch 100/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4326 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4322 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4284 - acc: 0.2455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.2266 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.2222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4305 - acc: 0.2188 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4295 - acc: 0.2244 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.2292 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.2308 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2388 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2383 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2408 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.2465 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.2516 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.2604 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.2599 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.2622 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2617 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2612 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2596 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2690 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2705 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2687 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.26711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.26561056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.26611088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.26651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.26791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.27001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.26941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.27061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.27811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27821344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.27911413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2795     
Epoch 101/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3750  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.3125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2912 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2894 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2870 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.28121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.27541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.27561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.27481120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.27681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.27861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.27621216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27711248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.27561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.27581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27591344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.27831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2824     
Epoch 102/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4580 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4507 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3312 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3482 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3324 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3173 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3080 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.3105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3107 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3059 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3080 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3084 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2995 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.3025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3041 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.29131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.29201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.29171088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.29691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.29251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.28891216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.28701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.28691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.28591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.28661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.28501376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.28341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2831     
Epoch 103/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4392 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.1667 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.1562 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4257 - acc: 0.1750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4260 - acc: 0.1667 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4256 - acc: 0.1607 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4267 - acc: 0.1602 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4271 - acc: 0.1667 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.1812 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.1733 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.1745 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.1707 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.1719 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.1792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.1797 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.1765 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.1736 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.1793 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.1797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.1786 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.1804 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.1766 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.1797 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.1800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.1911 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.1968 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2054 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2101 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.20671024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.21391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.22351088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.22521120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.22861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.23181184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.23311216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.23031248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.23321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.23441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.23781344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.24031376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.24061408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.24151413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2435     
Epoch 104/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4460 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3438 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3937 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.3802 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3795 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3750 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3750 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3563 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3551 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3568 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3462 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3371 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3340 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.3364 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.3316 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3240 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.3250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.3244 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.3239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3207 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.3151 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3175 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.3173 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3137 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.3170 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3114 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3073 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.30851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.30861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.30871088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.30421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.30181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.30031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.30241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.30101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.30451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.30311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.30181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.30281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.30311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.30331413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3029     
Epoch 105/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3978 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2757 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2859 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2768 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2716 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2708 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.26921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26761056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.26611088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.26751120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.25871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.26521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.26811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.27641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.27581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.27751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27491413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2753     
Epoch 106/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4262 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3090 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.3156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2812 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.28121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.28311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.28401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.29141216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28581344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.28721376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28551413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2859     
Epoch 107/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4467 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4519 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4340 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4345 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4335 - acc: 0.2500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4337 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4292 - acc: 0.2188 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.2431 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4325 - acc: 0.2406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4321 - acc: 0.2415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4297 - acc: 0.2396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2500 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4284 - acc: 0.2589 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4287 - acc: 0.2500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.2598 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.2721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4272 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.2763 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.2781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4255 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4237 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.2731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.2760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.2776 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.2778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2723 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2705 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2677 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.26921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.26861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.26801088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.27591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.27621216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.27801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.28051312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2895     
Epoch 108/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.2792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2778 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2713 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.2704 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2812 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2838 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2897 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2974 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.30141024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.29981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.30021088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.29871120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.29911152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.30031184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.29981216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.29851248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.29891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.29691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.29571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.29541376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.29431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.29401413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2930     
Epoch 109/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.3304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.3203 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.3125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.3008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2895 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2853 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2849 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2791 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27731056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.27651088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.27761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.28391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.28461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.28701248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.28771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28751312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.28581344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.28651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2838     
Epoch 110/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3833 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3989 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3989 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.3086 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4010 - acc: 0.3125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.3063 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.3040 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2978 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3056 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2943 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2885 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2868 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2866 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.28731024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.28711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.28541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.28451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.28281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.28051344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.28351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.28341408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.28481413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2859     
Epoch 111/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3125 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3047 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2847 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2715 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2757 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2727 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2758 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2799 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2716 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2697 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2679 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2683 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2719 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.27821024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.27831056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.27761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.27681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.27861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.28041216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.28291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.27961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.28441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.28351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28201376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27771413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2767     
Epoch 112/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3722 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2604 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2528 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2656 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2702 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2708 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2713 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2704 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2656 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2637 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2656 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2639 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2656 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2619 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2635 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.26111024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.25981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.26331088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.26381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.26161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.26391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.26351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.26481248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.26361280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.26561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27061344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.27381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27471408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27561413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2760     
Epoch 113/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4354 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4263 - acc: 0.3021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.3320 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.3438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.3438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.3381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3341 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.3482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.3458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.3496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.3566 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.3628 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.3618 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3512 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.3580 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.3573 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4246 - acc: 0.3542 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.3525 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.3486 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.3438 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.3371 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4237 - acc: 0.3362 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.3354 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.33471024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.33401056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.33241088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.33001120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.33391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.33511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.32941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.32811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.32771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.32501312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.32321344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.31991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.32121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.32031413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.3213     
Epoch 114/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4671 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4445 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4294 - acc: 0.2188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3011 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.3103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3027 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2852 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2873 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.29941024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.30271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.30211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.30421120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.30271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.30211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.29901216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.30101248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.29971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.29771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.29651344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.29461376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.29291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.28981413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2902     
Epoch 115/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4474 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.1250  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4294 - acc: 0.1771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4370 - acc: 0.1875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4333 - acc: 0.1875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.1875 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4283 - acc: 0.2098 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4274 - acc: 0.2148 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4321 - acc: 0.2153 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4282 - acc: 0.2188 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.2266 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2380 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.2366 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.2354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.2422 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2482 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2483 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2500 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2634 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2642 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2721 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2725 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2812 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2769 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2719 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.27221024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.27641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.27651088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.27141152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.26911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.26941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.26811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.26601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.26721312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.26451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26491376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.26601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26421413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2640     
Epoch 116/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.2135 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2054 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.1836 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.1979 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2301 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2318 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2308 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2321 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2383 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2408 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2448 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2516 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2619 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2685 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2663 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2682 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2700 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2740 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2743 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2734 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2716 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27621024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27441056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27651088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.27851120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.27681152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27791216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.27881248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.27971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27821344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.27981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28121413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2810     
Epoch 117/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.3359 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4294 - acc: 0.3438 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4306 - acc: 0.3469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4302 - acc: 0.3381 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.3385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.3413 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.3393 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.3500 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3496 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.3511 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.3455 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3421 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3359 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3274 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3210 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.3190 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.3137 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3077 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.3044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.3002 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.28711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.29231120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.29111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.28821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.28461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.28211248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.27601376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.28051413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2817     
Epoch 118/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3760 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3822 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3898 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2585 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2578 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2882 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2912 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2921 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2933 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.28431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.28521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.28311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.28401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.28211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.28461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.28541248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.28931280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.29271344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.29241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.29431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.29551413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2944     
Epoch 119/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2240 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2266 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2422 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2548 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2752 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2812 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.28121024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.28121088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.27941120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.27411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.27341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.26861216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.26891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.26521280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.26641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.26601344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.26561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26241408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.26351413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2626     
Epoch 120/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4393 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.3125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2983 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2917 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2917 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2938 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.2951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.3006 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2979 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.30141024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.30371056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.30111088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.30061120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.30181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.29861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.29811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.29611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.29411280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.29381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.29191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.28871376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.29141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.29121413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2902     
Epoch 121/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4568 - acc: 0.0625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4256 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4420 - acc: 0.1771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4277 - acc: 0.1719 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4246 - acc: 0.1938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4293 - acc: 0.1771 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.1696 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.1797 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4255 - acc: 0.1910 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.2062 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2188 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2188 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2163 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2098 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2188 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2266 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2316 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2361 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2418 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2437 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2470 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2486 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2486 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2526 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2537 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2548 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2627 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2645 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2651 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2625 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.26111024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.26171056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.26421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.26381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.26341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.26561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.26771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.26811248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.26641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.26451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.26791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26531408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.26561413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2661     
Epoch 122/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4258 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4229 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2070 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4305 - acc: 0.2014 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4354 - acc: 0.1875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4419 - acc: 0.1818 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4451 - acc: 0.1823 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4456 - acc: 0.1851 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4451 - acc: 0.1853 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4471 - acc: 0.1854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4476 - acc: 0.1895 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4486 - acc: 0.1949 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4484 - acc: 0.1997 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4488 - acc: 0.1990 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4489 - acc: 0.2016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4494 - acc: 0.1994 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4504 - acc: 0.2031 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4498 - acc: 0.2052 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4502 - acc: 0.2096 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4495 - acc: 0.2175 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4498 - acc: 0.2188 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4491 - acc: 0.2199 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4479 - acc: 0.2221 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4483 - acc: 0.2220 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4479 - acc: 0.2219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4462 - acc: 0.22981024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4444 - acc: 0.23541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4428 - acc: 0.23861088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4409 - acc: 0.24261120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4401 - acc: 0.24551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4423 - acc: 0.24391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4407 - acc: 0.24581216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4398 - acc: 0.24841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4396 - acc: 0.25081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4390 - acc: 0.25311312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4378 - acc: 0.25531344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4369 - acc: 0.25521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4357 - acc: 0.25941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4344 - acc: 0.26071413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4343 - acc: 0.2604     
Epoch 123/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3651 - acc: 0.6250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3908 - acc: 0.4375  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.4141 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3795 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3828 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3854 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.3409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3389 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.3208 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3203 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3254 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3158 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.3125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.3111 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.3047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.3025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3017 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2998 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2991 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2985 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.30041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.29791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.29451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.29501120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.29641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.29691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.29561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.29691248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.29811280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.29771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.29881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.29941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.29621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2965     
Epoch 124/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3811 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3736 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3829 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3896 - acc: 0.3500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.3490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.3304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.3164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.3264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3068 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3008 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2812 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2841 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2840 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2836 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2801 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2748 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2719 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.26711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.26661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.26141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.25741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.25541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.25611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.25511216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.25581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.25641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.26091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.26451344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.26861376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.27181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27771413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2795     
Epoch 125/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3672 - acc: 0.5625  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3961 - acc: 0.4531  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.4375 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.4000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4252 - acc: 0.3906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4297 - acc: 0.3750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4285 - acc: 0.3789 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4275 - acc: 0.3750 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.3844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.3807 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.3776 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.3774 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.3728 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.3574 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.3456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.3351 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3289 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.3234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.3229 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3324 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3274 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3281 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.3225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.3252 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3237 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.3276 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.3250 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.32361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.32321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.31721088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.31711120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.31611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.31251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.31421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.31091248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.30771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.30471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.30491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.30511376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.30601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.30891413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3086     
Epoch 126/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3993 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2969 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3304 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3398 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3494 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3516 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.3534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3482 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3438 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.3418 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3456 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3385 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3339 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.3250 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.3214 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3153 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.3193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3242 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3187 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3149 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.3125 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3092 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3039 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.29741024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.28771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.28301152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.28301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.28291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.28211248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.28361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.28351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.28651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.28561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2831     
Epoch 127/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4450 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4240 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4276 - acc: 0.2500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4258 - acc: 0.2396 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4246 - acc: 0.2321 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2266 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2326 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2500 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.2526 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2794 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2796 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2859 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2956 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2957 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2917 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2938 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.28911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.28691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.29041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.29771184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.29731216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.29191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.29251280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29061312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.29191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29171376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.29141408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.29261413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2923     
Epoch 128/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4483 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4318 - acc: 0.2188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4315 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4366 - acc: 0.2375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4286 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.2539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2469 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2356 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2366 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2292 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2324 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2243 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2222 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2122 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2188 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2247 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2287 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2364 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2383 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2512 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2546 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2578 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2575 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2562 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.26511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.26071056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.26141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.26381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.26431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.26561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.26441216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.26231248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.26441280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26561312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.26681344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27161376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.27401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2718     
Epoch 129/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4255 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.3516 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4263 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.3750 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.3594 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.3507 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.3438 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4296 - acc: 0.3438 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.3307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4296 - acc: 0.3269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.3281 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.3250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.3184 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.3088 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.2986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.2911 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2844 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2902 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2940 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2917 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2888 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2849 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.28931024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28911056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.28491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.28651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.28951248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.28691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.28981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.29121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.29021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.29001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.28981413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2916     
Epoch 130/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4930 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4362 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4483 - acc: 0.1562 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4627 - acc: 0.1484 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4604 - acc: 0.1437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4643 - acc: 0.1458 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4523 - acc: 0.1786 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4483 - acc: 0.2031 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4491 - acc: 0.2257 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4452 - acc: 0.2281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4432 - acc: 0.2301 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4431 - acc: 0.2318 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4401 - acc: 0.2452 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4405 - acc: 0.2344 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4365 - acc: 0.2417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4404 - acc: 0.2402 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4379 - acc: 0.2426 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4365 - acc: 0.2500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4346 - acc: 0.2599 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4322 - acc: 0.2672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4304 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4294 - acc: 0.2758 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4298 - acc: 0.2760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.2838 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4286 - acc: 0.2812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.2859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.2846 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.2845 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.2854 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4260 - acc: 0.28431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4251 - acc: 0.28711056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.28411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4245 - acc: 0.28581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4255 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.28561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4241 - acc: 0.28381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4244 - acc: 0.28291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4234 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.27971312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4234 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4238 - acc: 0.27531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.27621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.27411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2746     
Epoch 131/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4324 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4300 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2676 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2726 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2763 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2669 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2662 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2656 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2604 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2690 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2769 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2823 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.28331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.28611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.28501088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.28491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.28571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.28301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28291216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.28041248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.27801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.27291344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.27231376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.27111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27131413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2703     
Epoch 132/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.2125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4315 - acc: 0.2344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4290 - acc: 0.2305 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.2465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4237 - acc: 0.2557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.2526 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4266 - acc: 0.2404 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2388 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4270 - acc: 0.2313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4272 - acc: 0.2305 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4259 - acc: 0.2261 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4268 - acc: 0.2205 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4275 - acc: 0.2155 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.2219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4257 - acc: 0.2232 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.2244 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.2255 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.2240 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2213 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2188 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.2292 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2344 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2392 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2437 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.24601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.24221056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.24431088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.24361120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.24291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.24131184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.23991216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.23931248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.23801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.23911312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.24161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.24111376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.24351408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.24151413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2406     
Epoch 133/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4316 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4271 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3438 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3348 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.3281 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.3229 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3983 - acc: 0.3156 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3963 - acc: 0.3210 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.3177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.3101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.3058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3980 - acc: 0.3000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.2930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2743 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2798 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2798 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2838 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2849 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2846 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.27921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.27441056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.27271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.27021120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.26961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.27171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.27281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.27561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.27581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27821344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.28121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.28201413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2810     
Epoch 134/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3741 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3839 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3889 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3936 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3990 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3924 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3942 - acc: 0.2634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3940 - acc: 0.2500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.2431 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.2500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3986 - acc: 0.2415 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.2396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3982 - acc: 0.2428 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.2433 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2480 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2500 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.2517 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2516 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.2515 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2500 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2527 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2539 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2525 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2548 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2558 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2589 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2597 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.25711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.25681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.25571088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.25741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.26161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.26301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.26521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.26321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.26681280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.26871312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.26681344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.26561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.26381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.26281413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2633     
Epoch 135/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4450 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3946 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2949 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2960 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2961 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2857 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2799 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2838 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2834 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2844 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.28021024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.27271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.27591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.27261184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.27701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.27881248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.27641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.27671344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.27901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.28121408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.28481413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2845     
Epoch 136/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3943 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3987 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2031 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.1812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2143 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2305 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2589 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2458 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2559 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2656 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2758 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2935 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2899 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.29231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29791056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.29921088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.29691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.29551152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.29511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.29651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.29771248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.29571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.29531312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.29501344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.29321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.29291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.29051413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2895     
Epoch 137/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3913 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2361 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2281 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2330 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2332 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2344 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2375 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2363 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2371 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2309 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2352 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.2375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2381 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2344 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2351 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2344 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2416 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2477 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2478 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2478 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.25301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.25391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.25571088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.25921120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.25801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.25871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.25931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.26151248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.26281280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.26191376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.25871408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.25571413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2569     
Epoch 138/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3949 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4007 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2687 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2656 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2555 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2516 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2470 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2486 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2446 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2409 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2524 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2593 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2600 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2586 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.25601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.25491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.25281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.25001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.25171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.25251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.25561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.25621312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.25691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.25521376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.25651408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.25921413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2597     
Epoch 139/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4409 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4254 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2344 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2305 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2687 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2969 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2796 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2798 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2826 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2734 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2731 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2769 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.28031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.28411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.28401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.28121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.27691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.27621216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.27271312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.27211344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.27081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.27181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.27131413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2703     
Epoch 140/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4586 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4324 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2188 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2277 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3053 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.3103 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3104 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.3145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3143 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3229 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3174 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3125 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.3082 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2989 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2981 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2891 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.29131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.29041120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.29201152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.29511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.29391216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.29191248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.29091280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.28981312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.29041344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.28791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29071408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29051413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2895     
Epoch 141/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4233 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4214 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3915 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3944 - acc: 0.2604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2222 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2578 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2734 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2776 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2780 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2738 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2784 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2757 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2748 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.27821024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.28121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.28411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.28581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.28211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.28301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.28461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.28611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.28591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.28661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.28791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.28631408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.28621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2859     
Epoch 142/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4362 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2933 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3042 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3051 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3076 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.3000 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2955 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.3003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2969 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2920 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2969 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.29331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.29301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.29071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.28861120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.29021152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.28821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.28801216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.29281248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.29331280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.29771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.29571344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.29091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.29001408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.29051413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2902     
Epoch 143/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3965 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.2857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.2981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.2969 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.3021 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3983 - acc: 0.2988 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.3015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.3038 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3975 - acc: 0.3026 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.2984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.2932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4001 - acc: 0.2908 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.2878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.2900 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.2945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2986 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3002 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.2996 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.3000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.29741024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.30111088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.30511120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.30801152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.30641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.30831216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.30431248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.30051280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.29691312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.29341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.29091376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.29291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.29191413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2916     
Epoch 144/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3177 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.3021 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2943 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2969 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2721 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2687 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2632 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2708 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2757 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2759 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.26921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.27051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.27651088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.27851120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.28121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.28211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.28291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.28451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.28281344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.27901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.27911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.27981413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2795     
Epoch 145/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3883 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3834 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2734 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2754 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2702 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2648 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2625 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2574 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2557 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2500 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2539 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2512 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2536 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2477 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2455 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2489 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.25401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.25101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.25471088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.25371120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.25271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.25351184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.25421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.25581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.25481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.25861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.25841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.25821376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.25801408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.25711413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2576     
Epoch 146/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4312 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4399 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4377 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4321 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2585 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2552 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2572 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2589 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2617 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2674 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2632 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2687 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2664 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2628 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2582 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2526 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2620 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2685 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2667 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2672 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2656 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.26411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.26371056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.26331088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.26381120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.26611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.26391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.26181216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.26321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.25961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.25551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.25691344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.25891376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.26021408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.26141413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2619     
Epoch 147/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4283 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2917 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.3008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.3125 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3259 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.3271 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3309 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3281 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.3224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.3219 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3304 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3281 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3261 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.3229 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3225 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.3281 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3264 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.3225 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.3190 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.3219 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.32461024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.32321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.32011088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.31991120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.31521152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.31601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.31251216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.31251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.31011280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.30941312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.30561344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.30281376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.30161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.30041413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.3001     
Epoch 148/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3692 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3930 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3858 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3895 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3878 - acc: 0.2768 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3924 - acc: 0.2617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.2760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4012 - acc: 0.2979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.2930 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2969 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2969 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2932 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.2969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.2948 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2921 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2940 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.29131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.29831088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.29871120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.29821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.30121184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.30321216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.30351248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.30451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.30161312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.30181344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.29991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.30091408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.29761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2965     
Epoch 149/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.3646 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3672 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.3681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3594 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3307 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3269 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.3167 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.3047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.3015 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3011 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2956 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2925 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2945 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2946 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2990 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.30041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.30181056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.30211088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.29871120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.29821152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.29691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.29651216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.29611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.29731280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.29301312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.29341344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.29611376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.29431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.29401413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2937     
Epoch 150/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4611 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3964 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.3333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3948 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3887 - acc: 0.3203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3890 - acc: 0.3333 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.3219 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3925 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3934 - acc: 0.2995 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3944 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.2835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4002 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2578 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2500 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2465 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2467 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2500 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2571 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2568 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2604 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2637 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2644 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2679 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2705 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2719 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.27421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.27541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.26991088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.26651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.26611152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.26821184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.27031216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.27141248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.27081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.27031312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.26981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.27011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.27251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.27341413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2732     
Epoch 151/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2500 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2708 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2687 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2740 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2695 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2743 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2723 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2704 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2734 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2737 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2740 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2766 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2734 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2716 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.26611024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.26861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.26801088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.27391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.27591152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.27801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.27721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.27501312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.27131344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.27381376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.27181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.27271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2725     
Epoch 152/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3816 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3880 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.2917 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3956 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3892 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3929 - acc: 0.2812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3925 - acc: 0.2812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3934 - acc: 0.2891 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3946 - acc: 0.3000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.2926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.2812 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2701 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.2750 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2695 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2763 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2758 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.2861 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.2859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.28331024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.28521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.28691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.28581120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.28211152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.28041184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.28041216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.28291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.28451280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.28441312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.28281344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.28121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.27981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4027 - acc: 0.28121413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2817     
Epoch 153/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2031 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.1875 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2109 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2292 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2386 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2526 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2567 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2604 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2598 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2555 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2517 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2549 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2500 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2500 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2459 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2461 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2500 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2476 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2488 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2511 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2543 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2594 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.25601024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.25661088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.25741120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.25451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.25611184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.25421216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.25331248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.25161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.25471312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.25991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.26411376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.26161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.26421413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2647     
Epoch 154/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3942 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2679 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2695 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3995 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.2719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2630 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2589 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2562 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2656 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2569 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2566 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2578 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2560 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2571 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2582 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2552 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2525 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2536 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2512 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2533 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2554 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2562 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.25711024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.25681056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.25761088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.25551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.25541152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.25691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.25761216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.25581248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.25561280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.25861312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.26071344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.25741376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.25731408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.26071413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2619     
Epoch 155/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4356 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4307 - acc: 0.2656  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2832 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.2747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2840 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2812 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4040 - acc: 0.2825 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2870 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4029 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2953 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.29841024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.29981056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.30301088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.30881120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.31071152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.30991184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.30741216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.30841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.30771280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.31251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.31101344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.31321376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.31181408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.31321413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3149     
Epoch 156/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3647 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3944 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.4062 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.3906 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3795 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3828 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3819 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3750 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3698 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3678 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3571 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.3646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.3535 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.3548 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.3594 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3668 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.3688 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.3646 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3651 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.3614 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3633 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.3625 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.3630 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3681 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3717 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.3664 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.3656 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.36491024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.36521056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.36741088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.36401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.36791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.36721184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.36491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.36431248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.36381280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.36641312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.36811344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.36901376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.37281408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.37001413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.3701     
Epoch 157/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4393 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.5000  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.5000 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.5078 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3928 - acc: 0.4625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3891 - acc: 0.4531 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3982 - acc: 0.4375 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3942 - acc: 0.4570 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.4375 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.4188 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4003 - acc: 0.4176 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.4141 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.4038 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.4018 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3945 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.4007 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3906 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3849 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.3875 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3824 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3807 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3859 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3854 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3786 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.3750 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3772 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3782 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.37901024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.37991056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.37971088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.38051120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.37501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.37411184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.37331216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.37011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.36861280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.36411312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.35901344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.35861376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.35971408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.36011413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3609     
Epoch 158/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4230 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.3625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3616 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.3516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3576 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3688 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.3693 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3698 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3774 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.3705 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.3594 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.3603 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3507 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3470 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.3516 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3542 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3551 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.3560 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3529 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.3463 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.3413 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3356 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.3326 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3276 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3271 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.32361024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.31931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.31821088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.31531120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.31251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.30731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.30411216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.30021248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.29651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.29771312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.29951344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.29991376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.30161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.29901413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2994     
Epoch 159/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4354 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4384 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4398 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4302 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.3125 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.3056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2938 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4215 - acc: 0.2879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4203 - acc: 0.2768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2785 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2750 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2790 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2791 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2792 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.27621024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.27441056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.27861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.27781184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.28211216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.28291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.28351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.28501376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.28561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2866     
Epoch 160/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4337 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2812  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2938 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.3021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2552 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2572 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2729 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2695 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2743 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2679 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2685 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2695 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2725 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2790 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2781 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.27821024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.28031056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.28411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.28401120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.28211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.28461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.28291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.28591312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.28661344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.28791376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.28781408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.28691413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2866     
Epoch 161/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3976 - acc: 0.4375  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3968 - acc: 0.3958 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3688 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3705 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.3555 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.3375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.3267 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3073 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2946 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3063 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3145 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.3160 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3207 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3187 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3214 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3168 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3125 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.3138 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.3125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3065 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3079 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3080 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3060 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3031 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.30441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.30661056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.30681088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.30241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.30271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.30211184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.29811216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.29851248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.29891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.29921312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.29881344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.29911376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.29941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.30041413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3008     
Epoch 162/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4247 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2366 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2535 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2781 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2753 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2758 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2737 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2764 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2723 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2694 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4171 - acc: 0.2698 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.27521024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.27541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.27461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.27851120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.28121152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.27951184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.27721280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.27661312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.27521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.27751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.27911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.28201413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2824     
Epoch 163/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.3854 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.3750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.3698 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.3571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.3438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.3403 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3312 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.3267 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3229 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.3221 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.3192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.3250 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3223 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.3217 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3108 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.3125 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.3063 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.3021 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3003 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3025 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2975 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2980 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3000 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.30041024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.29491056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.29361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.29141120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.28841152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.28911184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.28721216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.28781248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.28851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.28671312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.28961344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.28651376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.28561408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.28761413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2887     
Epoch 164/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4365 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4293 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4228 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4221 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4232 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4279 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.2875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4289 - acc: 0.2812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4274 - acc: 0.2786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4286 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4280 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4274 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4270 - acc: 0.2739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4256 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2730 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2719 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2693 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.2799 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2725 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.2704 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2789 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2768 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.2856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2875 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.29031024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.28681120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.28571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.28561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.28371280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.28811344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.29021376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.29291408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.29621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2972     
Epoch 165/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.4688  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.4062 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3984 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.4000 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.3854 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3839 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3711 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3542 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3500 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3466 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3385 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.3365 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.3549 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3688 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3672 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.3621 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.3594 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3668 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.3594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.3571 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3622 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.3587 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3620 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.3588 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.3606 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3611 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.3616 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.3621 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3573 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.35481024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.35061056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.35321088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.35291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.35001152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.34551184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.34381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.34291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.33971280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.33831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.33841344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.33711376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.33431408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.33591413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3355     
Epoch 166/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4548 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4423 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4291 - acc: 0.2188 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.2313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4236 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2539 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2941 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2986 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2993 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3047 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.3095 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3068 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3111 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.3151 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3100 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3053 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.3044 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.3036 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.3017 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.3094 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.30851024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.30571056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.30401088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.30241120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.30451152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.30641184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.30571216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.30591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.30851280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.31091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.31631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.31771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.31981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.31961413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3192     
Epoch 167/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3744 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3720 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3871 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.3490 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3961 - acc: 0.3571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3949 - acc: 0.3633 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.3646 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3984 - acc: 0.3625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.3580 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3961 - acc: 0.3594 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3968 - acc: 0.3630 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3939 - acc: 0.3594 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3931 - acc: 0.3521 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3918 - acc: 0.3516 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3474 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.3472 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3914 - acc: 0.3520 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3947 - acc: 0.3484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3948 - acc: 0.3512 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3944 - acc: 0.3480 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3950 - acc: 0.3478 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3951 - acc: 0.3477 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3958 - acc: 0.3450 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.3462 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.3484 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3977 - acc: 0.3482 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3989 - acc: 0.3459 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.3490 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.34781024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.34861056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.3989 - acc: 0.34561088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4011 - acc: 0.34101120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.33571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.33251184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.33281216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.33221248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.33651280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.33361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.33161344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.33331376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.33581408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.33521413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.3347     
Epoch 168/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3631 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3719 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3938 - acc: 0.3646 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3955 - acc: 0.3906 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.3563 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3542 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.3477 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.3681 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.3608 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3568 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.3534 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.3571 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.3542 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.3613 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.3566 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.3524 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.3454 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.3423 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3423 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3410 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3411 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3401 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.3438 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.3415 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.3384 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3375 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.33271024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.33501056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.33141088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.33091120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.32861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.32901184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.32521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.32481248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.32291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.31951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.32091344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.31771376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.31901408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.31681413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.3171     
Epoch 169/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3627 - acc: 0.4062  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3809 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3776 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3847 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3885 - acc: 0.3125 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3908 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3962 - acc: 0.3080 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.3008 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2951 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3986 - acc: 0.3094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3990 - acc: 0.3182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.3125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4026 - acc: 0.3101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2979 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.3027 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.3003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2977 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2984 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2961 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2926 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2976 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2995 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3088 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.3101 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3090 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.3103 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.3179 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.3208 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.31751024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.31451056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.31341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.31161120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.31251152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.31161184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.31001216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.30841248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.30691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.30551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.30491344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.30881376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.30961408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.30971413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.3100     
Epoch 170/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3991 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4018 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2634 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2656 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2396 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2356 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2388 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2437 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2480 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2463 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2483 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2451 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2484 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2455 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2472 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2500 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2500 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2487 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2464 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2500 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2500 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2554 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2521 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.25301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.25781056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.26041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.25551120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.25181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.25521184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.25341216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.25251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.25641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.25781312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.25991344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.26041376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.25941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.25921413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2590     
Epoch 171/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3819 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4016 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.2687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.2656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.2589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4002 - acc: 0.2500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3996 - acc: 0.2465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2375 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2443 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2500 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2522 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2583 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2578 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2518 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2500 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2500 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2515 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2457 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2459 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2539 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2550 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2548 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2523 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2522 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2554 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2552 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.25201024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.25101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.25281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.25371120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.25271152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.25001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.25081216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.25161248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.25241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.25551312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.25761344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.26041376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.26161408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.26421413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2633     
Epoch 172/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4390 - acc: 0.1875 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4358 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4359 - acc: 0.2250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4293 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4213 - acc: 0.2455 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2500 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.2656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2670 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2578 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2644 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2679 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2583 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2676 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2665 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2714 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2783 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2784 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2785 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.2788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2743 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2712 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2759 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2781 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.27621024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.27841088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.28121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.28041152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.27861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.27871216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.27801248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.28041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.28121312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.28201344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.28121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.28271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.28411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2838     
Epoch 173/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3957 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3901 - acc: 0.3542 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.3281 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3947 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.3385 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.3527 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3917 - acc: 0.3438 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.3264 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3932 - acc: 0.3250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.3182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3995 - acc: 0.3151 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3077 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.3036 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2938 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2910 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2886 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2878 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2917 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2898 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2865 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2849 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2859 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2846 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2896 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.28431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.28321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.28881088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.28771120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.28571152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.28651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.28461216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.28121248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.28211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.28201312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.28121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27751376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.27761408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.27771413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2767     
Epoch 174/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4041 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3971 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.3125 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2865 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2812 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2764 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2757 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2708 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2731 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2734 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2776 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2757 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2748 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.27421024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.27051056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.27371088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.26751120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.27051152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.27001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26771216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.26731248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.26921280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.26871312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.26681344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.26561376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.26671408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.26781413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2682     
Epoch 175/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3970 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3995 - acc: 0.3125  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2500 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2604 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2812 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2844 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2841 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2857 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2847 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2796 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2859 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2798 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2875 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2902 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2888 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2865 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28431024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.28321056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.28311088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.28491120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.28391152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.28561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.28551216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.28621248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.28291280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.28361312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.28121344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.27981376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27981408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27771413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2774     
Epoch 176/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4275 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4270 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4277 - acc: 0.2812 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4262 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4256 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2857 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2812 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2760 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4195 - acc: 0.2723 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4191 - acc: 0.2617 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2610 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2587 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4168 - acc: 0.2582 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2625 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2589 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2571 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2636 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2669 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2712 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2704 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2656 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2651 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.26811024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.26561056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.26421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.26471120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.26431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.26391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.26351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.26321248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.26281280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.26021312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.26141344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.26411376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.26601408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.26491413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2654     
Epoch 177/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4336 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4194 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4253 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.2232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2383 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2326 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4212 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4220 - acc: 0.2472 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4227 - acc: 0.2474 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4222 - acc: 0.2452 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2500 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2500 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4216 - acc: 0.2555 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4189 - acc: 0.2587 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2566 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.2594 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2574 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2599 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2663 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2669 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2656 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2674 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2679 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2651 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.2615 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.26111024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.26461056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.26421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.26651120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.26791152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.26651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.26351216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.26561248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.26601280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.26251312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.26371344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.26491376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.26381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.26281413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2626     
Epoch 178/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2500  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4305 - acc: 0.1875  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.1771 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4234 - acc: 0.1875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4205 - acc: 0.1875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.1927 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2054 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4204 - acc: 0.1992 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.2014 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4256 - acc: 0.2000 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.2045 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4226 - acc: 0.2005 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4196 - acc: 0.2139 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2277 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2354 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2324 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2279 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2326 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2336 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2328 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2366 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2401 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2391 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2422 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2400 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2392 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2454 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2444 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2435 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2406 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.24191024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.24021056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.24051088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.23901120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.24111152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.24391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.24491216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.24921248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.25241280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.25231312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.25301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.25151376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.25151408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.25281413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2527     
Epoch 179/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4268 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4269 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4264 - acc: 0.2266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4239 - acc: 0.2313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4193 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2500 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2812 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2882 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2969 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2926 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2865 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4186 - acc: 0.2957 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2924 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2812 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4182 - acc: 0.2852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2812 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4184 - acc: 0.2796 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4206 - acc: 0.2750 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4207 - acc: 0.2708 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4201 - acc: 0.2756 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.2717 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4190 - acc: 0.2695 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4198 - acc: 0.2675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2680 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2639 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.2623 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4187 - acc: 0.2629 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4177 - acc: 0.2667 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.26411024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.26171056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.26041088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.26291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.26161152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4160 - acc: 0.25871184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.25931216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.25991248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.26041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.26091312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.26221344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.25971376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.26311408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.26141413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2611     
Epoch 180/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3618 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3915 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3925 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3984 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2500 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3973 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2578 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.2639 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2656 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2682 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.3003 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3043 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.3016 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.3006 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.2997 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2930 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2863 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2897 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2846 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2823 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.28231024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.27761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.27861152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.27861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27961216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.28041248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.27641280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.27581312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.27741344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.27531376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.27621408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.27631413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2767     
Epoch 181/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4405 - acc: 0.1875  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4199 - acc: 0.1979 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2266 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2313 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2344 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2326 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2406 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2557 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2572 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2455 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4173 - acc: 0.2417 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2324 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2408 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2378 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2401 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2406 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2426 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2401 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2378 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2331 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4165 - acc: 0.2375 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2392 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2431 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2400 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2425 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2448 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.24401024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.24121056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.24621088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.24451120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.24461152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.24481184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.24241216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.24011248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.23801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.23831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.23631344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.23811376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.23911408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.23791413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2378     
Epoch 182/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4613 - acc: 0.1250  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4561 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4389 - acc: 0.2708 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4340 - acc: 0.2891 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4320 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4342 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4311 - acc: 0.2589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4252 - acc: 0.2617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4273 - acc: 0.2500 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4249 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4242 - acc: 0.2528 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4243 - acc: 0.2604 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4210 - acc: 0.2716 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2701 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4211 - acc: 0.2667 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4209 - acc: 0.2757 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2760 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4185 - acc: 0.2845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2828 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2869 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2880 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2909 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4158 - acc: 0.2882 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4174 - acc: 0.2924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2942 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.29131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.28791088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.28951120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.28561184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.28211280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.28281312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.28351344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.28201376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.28051408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.28411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2838     
Epoch 183/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3813 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3696 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3753 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3870 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3892 - acc: 0.3021 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3906 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3915 - acc: 0.3164 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.3194 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3972 - acc: 0.3187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3961 - acc: 0.3182 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3954 - acc: 0.3125 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.3101 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3967 - acc: 0.3058 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.3000 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.3047 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.3033 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2951 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4038 - acc: 0.2928 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4037 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2842 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2760 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.2825 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2790 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.2759 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2760 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.27621024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27541056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.27461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.27411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.27341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.27361216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.27381248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.27801280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.27421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.27361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.27401408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.27491413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2753     
Epoch 184/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3997 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.3438  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4341 - acc: 0.2687 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4341 - acc: 0.2708 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4338 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4310 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4250 - acc: 0.2917 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4225 - acc: 0.2875 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2898 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4169 - acc: 0.2885 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2812 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2778 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2747 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2734 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2679 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.2642 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2636 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2630 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2637 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4151 - acc: 0.2668 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2662 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4164 - acc: 0.2612 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2619 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2615 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.26111024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.26271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4161 - acc: 0.26611088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.27481120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.27411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.27601184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27451216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.27301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.27081280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.27191312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.26911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27081376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.27251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.27771413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2788     
Epoch 185/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4634 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4389 - acc: 0.2344  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4281 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2812 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4219 - acc: 0.2625 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4235 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4200 - acc: 0.2321 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2756 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.2786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2692 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2708 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2904 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2906 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2872 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2880 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2897 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2905 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2913 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2909 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2958 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.29441024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.29301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.29361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.29691120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.29641152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.29511184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.29481216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.29521248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.29891280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.30001312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.29731344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.29841376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.29941408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.29901413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2987     
Epoch 186/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4731 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4329 - acc: 0.2500  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4315 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4326 - acc: 0.2109 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2760 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4202 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2781 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.2784 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4149 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2812 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4180 - acc: 0.2875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4167 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.2868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.2899 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2891 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2798 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2812 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2891 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2950 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2921 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2927 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.29131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.29201056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.28981088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.28951120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.28391184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.28381216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.28291248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.27961280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.28121312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.27831376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27831408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.27911413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2795     
Epoch 187/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4431 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4261 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4344 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4419 - acc: 0.1875 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.2188 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.2232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2396 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4140 - acc: 0.2531 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.2614 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2734 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2746 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2833 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4048 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4042 - acc: 0.2934 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2944 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2953 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2991 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2969 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2962 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2956 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2897 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2928 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.2885 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.28831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.28611056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.28691088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.28681120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.28661152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.28651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.28971216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.28871248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.28691280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.28521312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.28431344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.28421376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.28491408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.28481413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2845     
Epoch 188/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3974 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3855 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3919 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4024 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4128 - acc: 0.2750 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.2969 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2991 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2986 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2839 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4047 - acc: 0.2812 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2790 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2792 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2793 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.2739 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2726 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2703 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2738 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.2745 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2790 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.2780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2833 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4104 - acc: 0.28531024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.28421056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.28411088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.28121120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.27951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.27861184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.27961216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27961248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.28121280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27811312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.27971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.28271376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.28271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.28121413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2810     
Epoch 189/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4432 - acc: 0.2188  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2031  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.2578 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4009 - acc: 0.2250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3955 - acc: 0.2545 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.2617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4000 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2719 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4025 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2708 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2596 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.2634 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.2646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2637 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2647 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2656 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2641 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2679 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2614 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.2663 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2643 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2675 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4065 - acc: 0.2704 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2685 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2723 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2705 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2729 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.27521024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.27341056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.27461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.27571120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.27411152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.27081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.26941216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.26891248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.27321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.27111312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.26981344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.27161376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.27251408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.27271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2718     
Epoch 190/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2604 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2734 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2500 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.2656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3983 - acc: 0.2902 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.2852 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2778 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4031 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4004 - acc: 0.2788 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4001 - acc: 0.2768 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4002 - acc: 0.2771 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4021 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4062 - acc: 0.2721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.2691 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4061 - acc: 0.2681 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2672 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2768 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2741 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4063 - acc: 0.2772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2799 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2812 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.2812 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2778 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.2801 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2802 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.2771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.27521024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.27641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.27271088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27211120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.26961152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.27081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.27201216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.27301248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.27321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.27341312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.27521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27231376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.27111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.27271413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2732     
Epoch 191/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4422 - acc: 0.1562  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4442 - acc: 0.1719  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4271 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4338 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4176 - acc: 0.2656 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2773 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4208 - acc: 0.2743 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2727 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2786 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4152 - acc: 0.2835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4179 - acc: 0.2773 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2721 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2812 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4155 - acc: 0.2829 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.2766 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4150 - acc: 0.2798 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4157 - acc: 0.2770 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2772 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2773 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.2838 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2825 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.2836 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.2824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.2791 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2802 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.27521024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27641056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.27461088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27391120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.27501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.27171184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27201216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4121 - acc: 0.27061248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.27001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.26951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.26521344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.27011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.26891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.26921413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2682     
Epoch 192/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3577 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3875 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3903 - acc: 0.3333 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3981 - acc: 0.3359 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4028 - acc: 0.3063 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.3125 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3988 - acc: 0.3036 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3964 - acc: 0.2969 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3927 - acc: 0.3125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3922 - acc: 0.3094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3904 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3910 - acc: 0.3047 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3907 - acc: 0.3029 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3950 - acc: 0.2991 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3955 - acc: 0.2875 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3952 - acc: 0.2852 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3951 - acc: 0.2868 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3975 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4005 - acc: 0.2796 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2797 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.2812 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.2812 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.2799 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4015 - acc: 0.2786 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4039 - acc: 0.2775 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2728 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2685 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4060 - acc: 0.2679 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2629 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2604 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26511024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.26271056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.26331088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26291120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.26341152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.26301184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.26521216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.26401248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.26201280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.26171312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.26301344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.26261376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.26381408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.26281413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2626     
Epoch 193/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3932 - acc: 0.5312  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4000 - acc: 0.4219  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3995 - acc: 0.3672 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3438 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.3281 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.3259 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4153 - acc: 0.3242 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4163 - acc: 0.3125 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.3094 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.3125 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3099 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2981 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.3013 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.2958 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2871 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2923 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2865 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.2845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.2812 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2798 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2827 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2840 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4052 - acc: 0.2878 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.2913 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2837 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2824 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2824 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2856 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2812 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.27921024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.27931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.27751088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.27761120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.27951152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.27691184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.27791216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.27711248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27321280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.27421312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.27361344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.27311376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.27111408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.26991413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2711     
Epoch 194/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3734 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4036 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4252 - acc: 0.2292 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4224 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4231 - acc: 0.2375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4217 - acc: 0.2292 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4237 - acc: 0.2232 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2305 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4172 - acc: 0.2326 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4188 - acc: 0.2250 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4183 - acc: 0.2216 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4166 - acc: 0.2214 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2260 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2344 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2313 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2402 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2408 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2396 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2385 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2375 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.2321 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2358 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2351 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2396 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.2350 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2344 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2361 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.2344 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4124 - acc: 0.2328 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.2333 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4112 - acc: 0.23491024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.23931056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.24341088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.24171120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.24371152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.24651184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.24751216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4100 - acc: 0.24591248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.24361280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.24371312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.24311344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.24181376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.24271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.24431413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2463     
Epoch 195/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3805 - acc: 0.3438  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.3906  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3927 - acc: 0.3750 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3868 - acc: 0.3750 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3909 - acc: 0.3375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3921 - acc: 0.3333 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4001 - acc: 0.3571 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4053 - acc: 0.3516 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3472 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4064 - acc: 0.3563 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.3409 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.3359 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4138 - acc: 0.3245 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4135 - acc: 0.3192 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3146 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.3125 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4130 - acc: 0.3162 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4133 - acc: 0.3177 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4139 - acc: 0.3191 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.3203 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.3170 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3139 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.3098 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4123 - acc: 0.3047 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4114 - acc: 0.3038 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.2993 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4129 - acc: 0.2951 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2924 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2931 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2917 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.28831024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.29001056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.29071088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.28951120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.28931152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.28731184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.28631216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.28451248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.28041280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.27891312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.27971344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4118 - acc: 0.27681376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.27541408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.27491413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2739     
Epoch 196/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4313 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4223 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4192 - acc: 0.2083 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2422 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4050 - acc: 0.2437 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2448 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4056 - acc: 0.2589 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.2578 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.2569 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4035 - acc: 0.2625 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4023 - acc: 0.2699 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4008 - acc: 0.2578 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3990 - acc: 0.2620 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4017 - acc: 0.2656 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.2646 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3998 - acc: 0.2617 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3999 - acc: 0.2555 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.2535 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2467 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4030 - acc: 0.2469 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4013 - acc: 0.2530 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2528 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4032 - acc: 0.2554 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4049 - acc: 0.2565 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.2562 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.2536 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.2535 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2511 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.2522 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2510 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.25301024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4057 - acc: 0.25391056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4055 - acc: 0.25281088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4059 - acc: 0.25181120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.25181152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.25001184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.25171216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.25251248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4106 - acc: 0.25481280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4105 - acc: 0.25701312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.25911344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.26121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26241408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.25991413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2604     
Epoch 197/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.3750  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.3281  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4144 - acc: 0.3125 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.3203 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4197 - acc: 0.2875 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4218 - acc: 0.2812 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4175 - acc: 0.2723 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4147 - acc: 0.2617 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.2674 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2750 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4033 - acc: 0.2869 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4006 - acc: 0.2917 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3992 - acc: 0.2861 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4020 - acc: 0.2835 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4022 - acc: 0.2854 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.2812 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.2831 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4043 - acc: 0.2795 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4051 - acc: 0.2845 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4068 - acc: 0.2922 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4088 - acc: 0.2887 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2855 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2867 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2826 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2800 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.2788 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2779 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.2780 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.2771 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.27321024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.27151056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.27181088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.27301120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4075 - acc: 0.27501152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.27431184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.27701216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.27471248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.27161280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4072 - acc: 0.27731312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4069 - acc: 0.27821344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.28121376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.28201408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.27701413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.2767     
Epoch 198/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4437 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4483 - acc: 0.2188  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4299 - acc: 0.2396 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4317 - acc: 0.2344 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4278 - acc: 0.2375 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4136 - acc: 0.2552 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4159 - acc: 0.2411 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4181 - acc: 0.2422 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4178 - acc: 0.2465 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4162 - acc: 0.2437 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4154 - acc: 0.2443 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2448 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4115 - acc: 0.2500 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.2433 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2479 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2500 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4141 - acc: 0.2463 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4143 - acc: 0.2448 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2467 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4142 - acc: 0.2531 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2560 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2571 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4122 - acc: 0.2541 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4134 - acc: 0.2513 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4137 - acc: 0.2487 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4156 - acc: 0.2524 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4146 - acc: 0.2569 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2600 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4116 - acc: 0.2640 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2646 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4107 - acc: 0.26111024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.26171056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4109 - acc: 0.26421088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4103 - acc: 0.26561120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.26431152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.26741184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.26601216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.26561248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4073 - acc: 0.27001280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.26951312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4074 - acc: 0.27131344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.27011376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4087 - acc: 0.26891408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.26781413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4091 - acc: 0.2675     
Epoch 199/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.3125  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4265 - acc: 0.2969  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4145 - acc: 0.3021 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4170 - acc: 0.2656 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4127 - acc: 0.2812 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3073 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2946 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4148 - acc: 0.2930 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4110 - acc: 0.3056 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4131 - acc: 0.2906 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4132 - acc: 0.2955 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2891 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4111 - acc: 0.2837 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4082 - acc: 0.2879 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.2896 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2891 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.2849 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2830 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2862 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4125 - acc: 0.2859 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2827 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4120 - acc: 0.2784 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4117 - acc: 0.2758 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4126 - acc: 0.2734 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4119 - acc: 0.2762 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4113 - acc: 0.2800 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4108 - acc: 0.2812 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4102 - acc: 0.2857 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4101 - acc: 0.2877 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.2906 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4094 - acc: 0.28931024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4090 - acc: 0.29101056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.29451088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.29411120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4076 - acc: 0.29381152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.29081184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.29051216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.28781248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.28611280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.28831312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.28511344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.28351376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4097 - acc: 0.28271408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.28411413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4089 - acc: 0.2852     
Epoch 200/200
  32/1413 [..............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3717 - acc: 0.2812  64/1413 [>.............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3857 - acc: 0.3594  96/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3983 - acc: 0.3229 128/1413 [=>............................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3959 - acc: 0.3047 160/1413 [==>...........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3933 - acc: 0.3250 192/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3964 - acc: 0.3229 224/1413 [===>..........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3955 - acc: 0.3170 256/1413 [====>.........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3985 - acc: 0.3203 288/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3930 - acc: 0.3299 320/1413 [=====>........................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3966 - acc: 0.3187 352/1413 [======>.......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3983 - acc: 0.3153 384/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 2s - loss: 0.3969 - acc: 0.3177 416/1413 [=======>......................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.3994 - acc: 0.3149 448/1413 [========>.....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4014 - acc: 0.3147 480/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4044 - acc: 0.3125 512/1413 [=========>....................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4034 - acc: 0.3105 544/1413 [==========>...................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4019 - acc: 0.3235 576/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4045 - acc: 0.3247 608/1413 [===========>..................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4066 - acc: 0.3224 640/1413 [============>.................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4058 - acc: 0.3234 672/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4046 - acc: 0.3259 704/1413 [=============>................] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4054 - acc: 0.3239 736/1413 [==============>...............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4067 - acc: 0.3193 768/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4077 - acc: 0.3112 800/1413 [===============>..............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.3125 832/1413 [================>.............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4084 - acc: 0.3125 864/1413 [=================>............] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4099 - acc: 0.3067 896/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 1s - loss: 0.4098 - acc: 0.3013 928/1413 [==================>...........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.2985 960/1413 [===================>..........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4085 - acc: 0.2948 992/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4086 - acc: 0.29131024/1413 [====================>.........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.29301056/1413 [=====================>........] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.29361088/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4080 - acc: 0.29411120/1413 [======================>.......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4083 - acc: 0.29291152/1413 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4079 - acc: 0.29341184/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4078 - acc: 0.29561216/1413 [========================>.....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4071 - acc: 0.29611248/1413 [=========================>....] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4070 - acc: 0.29571280/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4081 - acc: 0.29381312/1413 [==========================>...] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4092 - acc: 0.29191344/1413 [===========================>..] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4093 - acc: 0.29241376/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.28711408/1413 [============================>.] - ETA: 0s - loss: 0.4095 - acc: 0.28621413/1413 [==============================] - 2s - loss: 0.4096 - acc: 0.2859     
 32/158 [=====>........................] - ETA: 0s 64/158 [===========>..................] - ETA: 0s 96/158 [=================>............] - ETA: 0s128/158 [=======================>......] - ETA: 0s158/158 [==============================] - 0s     
[[ 0.28178236  0.05958125  0.15606822 ...,  0.06483165  0.19341663
   0.12237642]
 [ 0.25065508  0.03495674  0.07694799 ...,  0.01657863  0.28514206
   0.0684462 ]
 [ 0.27051479  0.0328949   0.08960148 ...,  0.02010422  0.28463054
   0.06829612]
 ..., 
 [ 0.27051347  0.03289618  0.08961985 ...,  0.02010245  0.28461492
   0.06828518]
 [ 0.25066856  0.0349573   0.07694705 ...,  0.01657896  0.28513688
   0.06844443]
 [ 0.25065088  0.03495678  0.07694519 ...,  0.01657891  0.28515291
   0.06844834]]
(158, 8)
Hamming Similarity 0.291139240506
